wow!!!! that was really cool thank you!!!!﻿
Full Metal Jacket haha.﻿
"A census taker once tried to test me, i ate his liver with some fava beans and a nice chianti... fefefefefefe" the things you have to make up to win an Oscar.﻿
Full metal jacket takes the cake : )﻿
im surprised that the monty python scene from the life of Brian where Michael Palin is talking about Biggus Dickkus isnt in there.......that was unscripted to a point, the people playing the roman soldiers were told not to laugh at whatever he said.﻿
what about the scene in the first Indiana Jones when he faces of against that ninja?﻿
Another great line not originally in the script was the Batman movie inwhich Jim Carrey played the Riddler and he said," Riddle me this, riddle me that. Who's afraid of the big black bat?" that line was not in the original script.﻿
tears in the rain..﻿
everyone's like "oh man the joker did such a good job at improvising the hospital not blowing up" but he really only reacted natural. hell thats what i wouldve done﻿
falta Godfellas, la parte de la cachetada en la cara﻿
How does 'Tears in Rain' not come in at number one? ﻿
The reason R.Lee Ermey is so brilliant in that scene in the barracks on Full Metal Jacket is because he was just being himself--he used to be a Drill Instructor in real life and just played the part as it came natural to him since obviously the character he plays in the film is just second nature to him..He was indeed brilliant in the part and played it beautifully--very authentic! This is how it used to be and is much different than what is allowed today with a new recruit going thru boot camp...Full Metal Jacket is hands down one of THE BEST war films of all time! You can also catch him being himself again as a DI in the great film "The Boys In Company C" as he is training recruits going thru Boot Camp on their way to serving in combat in the Vietnam war..he plays these parts extremely well and with such authenticity due to his many years of service in the Marine corp. He also can be seen in 2 of the Texas Chainsaw Massacre films and one can easily see again his brilliance as he plays the twisted sheriff in both films. I will say that he is probably most recognized as being The Face of "Marine Corp Strong" and an avid supporter of the men and women of the US armed forces..a true patriot!﻿
How does the the most annoying sound in the world from dumb and dumber make this list?﻿
The Casablanca one is only funny if you know the background behind it﻿
Brilliant !﻿
"Warriors, come out to play" was one of the best unscripted scenes in film history.﻿
All of these were awesome & most of these lines make the movie. For instance, "warriors come out & plaaayyy"﻿
How did you find out all of these scenes were ad lib??﻿
I just came here for 5:40 on﻿
Can't believe they left off the greatest improvised scene in film history: Marlon Brando's "I coulda been a contender" scene from On The Waterfront. It was mostly improvised.﻿
change that stupid font you chimp﻿
Oh my aching sides FULL METAL JACKET!!!﻿
Hey fucktards, if you look at the title is says - unscripted - so quit being so ignorant.﻿
sweet :D thx for this.. i guess?﻿
Were all of these documented as being improvised?  I remember that the "Midnight Cowboy" scene was, but all the others?  Usually, when a film is being shot, the director and producer(s) hate improv because it falls flat and they have to re-shoot the scene.﻿
25 Greatest Unscripted Scenes in Films﻿
R Lee Ermey ftw﻿
Favorite scene : Leave the gun,take the cannolis.﻿
"Warriors come out to playyyy" greatest gang movie ﻿
HAND ME THE FUCKING KEYS YOU COCK SUCKER elelelelelelelel ﻿
2:30 creee﻿
22 isn't even the 40 yet old virgin. It's knocked up....dumbass.﻿
Wasn't the scene from Jaws where they sang the song unscripted? At least, thats one guys was actually drunk tho wasn't he?﻿
GREAT lines, unscripted, the most memorable.  Sorry writers :(﻿
Also, (could be # 26), don't forget about the classic scene in "My Cousin Vinny" with "the two yoots". Yes, that conversation actually happened between Joe Pesci and Fred Gwynne during the making of the film, and the filmmakers liked it, so they kept it.﻿
It could have been a top 5.﻿
2:03  Pique !﻿
The Han Solo thing should be explained better. The script had Solo saying "I love you too." Harrison Ford decided that was out of character.﻿
these are awesome﻿
Not a single Marlon Brando scene in the entire list?! My dislike button is about to get raped.﻿
Matt damon sucks﻿
Where's the Spaceballs scene with Rick Moranis playing with the dolls?﻿
The "tears in the rain" line was one of the most powerful lines in the film. And it was improvised! Genius!﻿
What about goodfellas ﻿
In "The Usual Suspects," one of the guys was farting in that room and that's why they kept laughing.﻿
Heath Ledger part was awesome. He didnt react differently. he just acted normally﻿
How do we know that all these moments were unscripted? ﻿
Some of these are so popular and well thought out that I find this kinda hard to believe that they're all improv﻿
Some of these are so popular and well thought out that I find this kinda hard to believe that they're all improv﻿
that drill sgt is so awesome﻿
Really.... no Joe Pesci in Goodfellas? ﻿
Gunny ermy definitly deserved top spot, hes fuckin great.Full metal jacket wouldnt have been what it was without him﻿
At 2:01 number seventeen is hilarious ﻿
The seth rogan and paul rudd one is from Knocked Up﻿
I like the vid, but the scene from raiders of the lost ark where Ford just shoots the sword-wielding bad guy instead of having a prolonged fight with him needs to be on here SOMEWHERE﻿
whats so great about bill murray saying its in the hole﻿
Dark Knight should be higher﻿
Was expecting to see atleast one scene from Bad Boys... They had so many great unscripted monologues in that movie.﻿
number 5 is the best﻿
Here for Full Metal Jacket and Caddyshack! WOO!﻿
Are you a peter puffer...lol﻿
What about "Let us hope mr potter will always be around to save the day." "Don't worry, I will be"from harry potter?﻿
I could agree with the top 9. I'd rearrange the others, but overall a good list. Thanks for taking the time to put this together. I appreciate it.﻿
This should be renamed 25 Most Annoying Scenes in Films.﻿
I hate how the annotations are cut off﻿
As if the "tears in rain" line from Blade Runner was unscripted. Skeptical.﻿
The best was Full Metal Jacket.  Love him!﻿
That moment when the ad was better than the video...﻿
lame﻿
What about "No, I am your father" from Star Wars?﻿
Some examples of great acting.﻿
Some examples of great acting.﻿
Where is the jar of dirt scene on pirates of the carribean?﻿
Everyone matt Damon was in he laughed﻿
clockwork orange scene.. by far!﻿
What about the scene from "Alien" where the alien burts out of the guys chest.  The director did not tell them what was going to happen and it was also not on the script.  So he could get the actors real reaction when his chest exploded.﻿
Seriously the number 1 spot basically set the stereotype for the military and it's all his lol wow. ﻿
Stop SOPA 2014. It will force all forms of entertainment made by you and me to be deleted – videos, art, fanfics, everything. It goes into effect March 19th, 2014. Stomp this one just like we stomped the last one, guys.﻿
NO LOVE FOR THE GROUP THERAPY SCENE IN THE BREAKFAST CLUB!!!! UNbeLIEVABLE!!!!!!!!﻿
John 3:17﻿
The scene from Midnight Cowboy with Dustin Hoffman was totally scripted and rehearsed "several times", and the cab driver was an actor, according to producer Jerome Hellman in his commentary track on the DVD.﻿
Did you compile all of those?   If so...  GENIUS!!!!!!!!!   nice one buddy!!!!  ﻿
John Cazale was a great theater actor too, with moments like "Wyoming."  In Dog Day Afternoon with Al Pacino.  Watch Pacino's eyes as he tries to hold it together.  Another good one is when Christopher Walken spits in Bob's face in Deer Hunter.  Dinero falls out of character and starts dragging him around.  Spit in Bob's face was a directors request.﻿
R. Lee Ermey's sergeant stuff in Full Metal Jacket was unscripted, but on the other hand he was a drill sergeant in real life.  I'm guessing there were a thousand marines looking at that scene and thinking "Yeah, I remember that guy."﻿
Gunny can't fake it...you can't fake drill sergeant ...imagine being in his squad! Geez...you'd wanna kill something after that!﻿
Marine Boot Camp provides some of the best and worst moments in unspoken american history.﻿
Good thing about doing something unscripted is the reaction you get from the rest of the actors is real. Like the "we're gonna need a bigger boat" line﻿
TOP !!﻿
wait... where was the jar of dirt scene from pirates?﻿
22. was "knocked up" nice mistake buddy﻿
No indiana jones shooting the arab warrior?  ﻿
Noooo you forgot "I've got a jar of dirt"﻿
They forgot about The Lion King where Timon asks, "What do you want me to do, dress in drag and do the hula?" It wasn't scripted, but they decided to use it and is known fully well.﻿
Calling all film buffs, film fans and film enthusiasts - I am inviting you all to come and try our brand new quiz - simply come to our page and select the video - and take part in the greatest movie quiz to bless the internet. Please leave feedback as its brand new - i suspect there will be some teething problems! Hope you enjoy it!﻿
Shit sucks﻿
That scene in Clue should be in there too. "I hated her so much!...that flames, flames on the side of my face..."﻿
Both of those Matt Damon scenes are arguable the worst and most awkward scenes in each movie.  I think it's his creepy fake laughing that does it, and the world famous veteran actor he's talking to in each clip, is looking at him like he's a terrible actor, which he is.﻿
Some examples of great acting.﻿
0:26 best﻿
25 greatest scenes?  You left off arguably the greatest improv scene in a movie, ever.  Marlon Brando's entire monologue in Apocalypse now.﻿
You forgot the Miracle Max in The Princess Bride...﻿
This is really feeble and weak stuff.﻿
lmfao that last one tho, oh god ahahahahah ﻿
Drill Sergeants do have a knack for saying some funny shit.  R. Lee Ermey is the man.﻿
Marines have drill instructors﻿
Gunney definitely deserved his spot lol﻿
Did he win an oscar for that? the last one?﻿
Great list.﻿
what About the joker??﻿
Thinking no 22 was knocked up...just saying ;)﻿
Surely, the "I am the captain now" line from Captain Phillips should rank here in an updated list.  He came up with it on the spot!﻿
i was waiting for the jar of dirt scene from pirate's of a caribbean :(﻿
The 40 year old virgin scene was actually from Knocked Up o their way to cirque du soleil. This was probably just a cut scene. Nice try.﻿
Not the phone throwing scene in Scream?﻿
My heart hurts every time I see a clip of Matt Damon from the movie Saving Private Ryan; he was so damn good. I really enjoyed watching his performance. It's so disappointing to know that he's a devout leftist communist.﻿
I heard that the bit with the lineup of criminals apparently one of them farted and it really did stink, that is why they were all laughing.﻿
Guess I didn't need to leave the annotations on if all the descriptions were "this was improvised" lol no shit﻿
EmmmI seriously think clip number 22 is knocked up.....NOT the 40 year old virgin!!!!!!﻿
im doing a survey web link is https://www.surveymonkey.com/s/RQDHJWZ﻿
How could Matt Damon's ENTIRE character be unscripted?﻿
You can tell they're improvised from the reactions of the other actor's reactions. Dumb and Dumber in particular just look at Jeff Daniels.﻿
no way﻿
You can see how fking satisfied Hauer looks after saying "like tears in rain"he knew he'd nailed it so hard there would be no nail left to nail﻿
There were soooo many epic lines from "Full Metal Jacket." CLASSIC MOVIE!!!!!﻿
leo bloom's courtroom speech in The Producers.  100 percent spontaneous﻿
game over man, game Oooover lol﻿
This lost credibility when I saw the Heath Ledger one. It was scripted that way. Google is your friend.﻿
That taxi with Hoffman blew my mind. He made it look so intended it was unbelievable!﻿
Big fuck'n deal. That was unscripted also.﻿
"I bet your the kind of person that would fuck a guy in the ass and not have the common courtesy to give em a reach around" Lmaooooo!﻿
"I love you.""I know."Smoooooooooth﻿
I got my doubts that all these scenes were unscripted but never the less its a great post.﻿
R. Lee Ermey wins it hands down﻿
seems to me the unscripted moments in movies are the best﻿
Even though unscripted, some of those quotes became iconic.﻿
More than half of these were scripted.﻿
#1 and #2 were appropriately placed as the best unscripted lines ever. ﻿
The "tears in the rain" line was easily the most shocking. I'm still having trouble believing it. That line was so perfect for that scene, that character, and everything about that movie so it's astounding that someone just came up with that on the spot.﻿
This is a great post. Surprised that some of these scenes I know were unscripted. Thanks! ﻿
robin williams is the movie﻿
Blade Runner final scene with Batty was by far the best in the movie history...﻿
DO YOU SUCK DICKS?﻿
I forgot about The Warriors. Great film. I think that guy with the bottle was "let go" by Arnold right after Eddie Murphy was done with him.﻿
In the movie Cape Fear, with Deniro, when he finally gets the girl alone and she ends up sucking on his finger. The whole seen is improvised. Maybe one of the best creepy scenes in film history. However, it may have been too long to include on this list and keep the post under ten minutes﻿
Full metal jacket... EPICNESS!!!!﻿
I actually have the entire audio of the Full Metal Jacket scene on my ipod - so many good lines in there. Absolutely brilliant. About the most accurate representation of actual boot camp I've ever seen in a movie.﻿
Glad to see you guys have more sense than Watchmojo, tears in the rain is one of the greatest scenes in movie history.﻿
the fire scene of the tmnt from the 90's first film should have made the list!!!﻿
In the 1977 Romantic comedy/mystery 'Silver Streak' Richard Pryor's character has the idea of slipping a wanted Gene Wilder character past the police by making them think he's black.  He starts to cover Wilder's face with black shoe polish until an exasperated Gene Wilder shouts "I can't pass for black!" to which Pryor delivers the unscripted line "What, you afraid it won't come off?"﻿
FMJ, was scripted. Kubrick wrote it, Ermy thought it could be better, Ermy improvised new dialogue (essentially everything he could remember from his days as a real drill sergeant), Kubrick recorded this improv, transcribed it, edited it, re-wrote a few parts, and had Ermy memorize this. It would be fairer to say Kubrick and Ermy co-wrote the dialogue. ﻿
Woody Allen is a child molester..﻿
you accidentally incomplete descriptions﻿
Full Metal Jacket was on earlier. Hadnt even heard of it before.﻿
Why are some of the video captures are way off centered? And some of the descriptions are cut off, not fully explaining the situation.﻿
what movie was that with the police line up where they said in English please?﻿
"Like tears in rain". There is no "THE". People always fuck that up.﻿
Those were great!﻿
Hi thank you for your video, I really have learned a lot, and am happy to know all about those! BTW, could you tell me what the font you used for the beginning and the end, please? It is so wonderfully used in the context. Thank you !﻿
the heath ledger one was awesome i did not no about that﻿
so basically all the good scenes in history were bullshit. you forgot the joker clapping in dark knight btw﻿
That "I'VE GOT A JAR OF DIRT!" scene from the second PotC movie was unscripted as well. The actor's reaction to was true.﻿
Everyone of them was great...except for that fucker rapist Woody Allen.﻿
Where Is I Got A Jar Of Dirt?﻿
most of the greatest unscripted scenes were from stanley kubrick films...says something about great he was...﻿
Dumb and Dumber. XD God I love Jim Carrey﻿
What about Good Morning Vietnam? For most of the "on air" radio scenes Robin Williams was turned loose with no script. ﻿
Oh gunny, your the best﻿
lol, fmj ftw, love the drill instructor﻿
Excellent! Thanks for taking the time to put this together and post it.﻿
"like tears in the rain".........by far, that scene is one of the best on this list or any list.﻿
I'd have taken the Caddy Shack love song instead of the Bill Murray scene﻿
I'm walking here, I'm walking here. Was the best.....................﻿
"You shouldn't smoke these, they'll kill you" - Eric Draven in The CrowIt's funny because he's already dead﻿
So what. Almost all of everyone's lives is unscripted. In fact, cinema is one of the few things in life that is scripted. If they can't recite 2 or 3 lines without having to have read it for 3 weeks in advance, they are beyond useless. Cinema is all about directors, screenplay, editors, musical score.... Actors are way down the list, despite their self-obsession﻿
The fact that "tears in the rain" was unscripted is sick! That is one of my favorite scenes of all time!﻿
ROFL i remember that from Full metal jacket!  omg reminds me too much of Chief Master Sgt Roberts back in basic.  damn that was a scary man...﻿
Full Metal Jacket performance was great!﻿
The jim carey scene from dumb and dumber got me in tears hahaha so funny throwback﻿
Also missing Leonardo DiCaprio's bloody broken hand in Django.﻿
"LIKE TEARS IN THE RAIN" SUCH A DEEP THING TO SAY ﻿
In a sense, everything is scripted. Nothing is uncontrived.﻿
A lot of these improvised lines are iconic.﻿
privat paula<3﻿
The beauty of acting. Amazing.﻿
So many great scenes but that one in Full Metal Jacket just leaves me laughing love that flick. Those clips put me in the mood for a little ultra violence. ﻿
This is bullshit....they had to be told them lines man﻿
Its Micheal Madsen﻿
Yay !!!﻿
Lets not forget the scene in True Romance with Christopher Walken and Dennis Hopper.﻿
cool﻿
R. Lee Ermey is a gutless old wanker who shoots lions in 'canned" hunts in Africa﻿
Love the explosion in the batman priceless﻿
Clockwork Orange, he was actually singing "singing in the rape".﻿
A lot of Goodwill Hunting was improv. Including "how do you like them apples?".﻿
Isn't #22 from Knocked Up?﻿
THE LAST ONE!!! xD﻿
As a former Sgt. in the US Marines i assure you this movie is the real deal and nobody gets it down to perfection like The Gunny,  R. Lee Emery*﻿
lol at the last scenereally nice vid﻿
the drill sergeant in full metal jacket was originally the on set janitor. when the actor couldnt do his job the former marine drill instructor stepped in.﻿
#22 is knocked up not 40 year old vergin ﻿
This is awesome! Some classic stuff here...﻿
The Fucking Best Lines were all Improvised....Here's looking at you kid....Here's Johnny....Are you looking at me? .....Humphrey Bogart, Jack Nicholson, Robert Deniro...THE BEST OF THE BEST!﻿
GIMMIE THE FUCKING MONEY YOU COCK SUCKING MOTHAFAKA ABNSJDBMXNDKANDJ LOL XD﻿
funny!﻿
How about when Jack Nicholson pulled the gun on DiCaprio in the departed? No one knew he brought a gun on set, but Jack wanted a more real reaction from Leo﻿
Do you suck dicks'﻿
wow!...subscribing!﻿
No Clerks II? :( The scene with Wanda Sykes & Earthquake was unscripted.﻿
That wasn't 40 year old virgin, it was knocked up﻿
I GOT A JAR OF DIRT in pirates of the Caribbean ﻿
Opening 20 minutes of FMJ some of the hardest laughs I've had.﻿
Incorrect the explosives malfunctioned in Dark Night and Ledger reacted in character as Christopher Nolan urged them to keep filming.﻿
the best lines are unscripted﻿
yo! the usual suspects scene was the shit! u cock sucker motherfucker lelelelelel﻿
Anyone else expecting the jar of dirt song here?﻿
R.Lee Ereny is an ex gunnery sergert im pretty sure that is how he was trained.. ﻿
Is this not the lobby where you can make 7k a month working from home...﻿
HSSSSSS﻿
Seriously, Matt Damon on Private Ryan? Horrible acting,﻿
2:28 breast milk you made my dayyyys #davechappelleparaody  ﻿
That last one cracked me up.﻿
the story behind the "he's got a real purty mouth" line from Deliverance is that it was improvised. I'd say that's a dandy since the scene will give men nightmares for all eternity...﻿
Yeah and theres no fucking way the dark knight explosion scene was unscripted.and if it was it doesnt belong in the greatest unscripted scenes lol﻿
Best was full metal jacket!lol dont even the goddamn courtesy to give him a reach around﻿
Nothing about Leonard Decaprio or however you spell it stabbing his hand with a fork and still managing to act like no tomorrow in D'Jango?﻿
R. Lee Ermy rules, Full Metal Jacket....﻿
on number 1 idk how they did not just burst out laughing.﻿
Johnny Depp I got a jar of dirt! I got a jar of dirt!﻿
Nr 2 still makes my spine get goosebumps and make me shiver , as actor he definitely fit the role of hanibal﻿
It's not in here, but imho the best improvised scene ever is in the Italian Job, by Seth Green ("Lyle") - that whole bit about what "Handsome Rob" and "Becky" are saying.﻿
You're missing Dumb and Dumber's Moon Landing bit!﻿
"Leave the gun. Take the canoli." is a line from the book... So i am guessing Richard Castellano, the actor who plays Peter Clemenza was familiar with the book as I hope all the actors in the movie were.﻿
I gotta jar of dirt!  I gotta jar of dirt!﻿
I'm a little disappointed that the iconic scene in Indian Jones Raiders of the Lost Ark (where the man pulls off some fancy sword tricks before Harrison shoots him) wasn't in here. Ford was so sick that day, that even though he was supposed to battle the swordsman, he just shot him. Otherwise, great list.﻿
R Lee Ermey didn't improvise all of that scene. He stole half of it from Lou Gossett in "Officer and a Gentleman"﻿
Denzel's rant at the end of "Training Day" was entirely improvised.﻿
R Lee Ermey priceless﻿
I have a copy of Gustav Hasford's *The Short Timers* and you're right, only a little of Gunnery Sergeant Hartman's (Gerheim in the book) is as it is in the film. His first lines about "If you ladies leave my island, if you survive recruit training . . ." is in the book.    Some of the other dialogue is similar. "Private Joker. I like you. You can come over to my house and fuck my sister." is in the book, as well as the follow up, "You little scumbag. I got your name. I got your ass."﻿
I have a copy of Gustav Hasford's *The Short Timers* and you're right, only a little of Gunnery Sergeant Hartman's (Gerheim in the book) is as it is in the film. His first lines about "If you ladies leave my island, if you survive recruit training . . ." is in the book.    Some of the other dialogue is similar. "Private Joker. I like you. You can come over to my house and fuck my sister." is in the book, as well as the follow up, "You little scumbag. I got your name. I got your ass."﻿
cowboys and full metal jacket killed me I haven't laughed so hard in a while﻿
Full metal jacket awesome﻿
The last scene from "Full Metal Jacket" is Laugh Out Loud funny! I haven't laughed so much in years! Thanks for this! ﻿
Christopher Walken spitting in Deniros face in The Deer Hunter was unscripted.﻿
Not Malfoys 'I didn't know you could read' line?﻿
Good Will Hunting omfg the feels :')And I've never seen Full Metal Jacket, but I FUCKING LOVE THE GUNNY﻿
Blade Runner's impovised line is poetry. I think the other are memorable and so quotable and the situation is so absurdly rare for being memorable that I can understand why they're higher on the list.But my personal favorite is Blade Runner's line here. It's just so beautiful and fitting to the scene. And the acting was so perfectly eloquent and concise. Not saying a lot but saying so much with perfect pacing and punch to the line. God, I love it. I'm gonna replay it a few more times before clicking on another video :')﻿
All great scenes, but I call bullshit on all those lines being, "unscripted"! ﻿
Basically everything Bill Murray did in Caddyshack was improv.﻿
Cool﻿
really not aragorn's scene from lord of the rings , where he kicks the helmet , breaks his toes in the process and continues filming by improvising ?﻿
i love full metal jacket﻿
While filming this scene in The Usual Suspects, Benicio del Toro apparently had terrible flatulence. This is why the whole cast was corpsing, and Gabriel Byrne is even covering his nose up!﻿
No jar of dirt?﻿
In No. 6, it was the whole speech that was improvised,  not just that line.Haur wrote the whole thing the night before because he thought the script was "too opratic"﻿
"i know" beats them all﻿
Hate to piss on your cornflakes but you forgot Martin sheen in apocalypse now, ﻿
Hate to piss on your cornflakes but you forgot Martin sheen in apocalypse now, ﻿
OH COME ON!!!  "Here's looking at you kid" is said by "Rick" at least two other times in 'Casablanca.'  To say that this last line to the girl is "unscripted" is just idiotic.  ﻿
This list is not ALL unscripted.  When referring to "JAWS" They picked a line that was semi-scripted.  If the guys making this vid wanted to have a unscripted(i.e. Not from the writer/s or director.) Robert Shaw read the lines in the script about the torpedoed ship "Indianapolis" and thought it was trash, so he wrote that story you hear in the movie.  ﻿
we need more guys like the full metal jacket guy disciplining today's kids with all their gadgets, discourtesy lackadaisical attitudes. ﻿
Check your research again on the Dark Knight scene. There was actually a misfire on set with the explosions and Ledger just ran with it.﻿
Haha!... peter puffer﻿
The jokers scene was improvised Thanks s why﻿
That hissing though...﻿
2:02 I thought it would be serious﻿
The video near the beginning with Seth Rogen isn't from The 40 Year Old Virgin, it's from Knocked Up.. ﻿
Really interesting..﻿
90% of this was scripted﻿
Tom Hanks looking off screen. 'Is he for real?﻿
Funny how most of the improvised stuff are the most memorable lines in the movies﻿
Sorry to ruin your thunder, but half of the gunny's script (and half of this unscripted bit) was taken almost word for word from An Officer And A Gentleman.﻿
What is a peter puffer?﻿
wow the ending was meh fav, it was soooooo wrong but funny xD﻿
25 unscripted moments in some awesome films.25 Greatest Unscripted Scenes in Films﻿
i was really hoping Samuel L. Jackson's "say what again" from Pulp fiction would be in here, that would've been golden﻿
This video was pure awesome.﻿
Heath Ledger is legend﻿
You forgot (Or could have added) the Jar of Dirt scene in which Johnny Depp (POTC) sings "I've got a jar of dirt! A Jar of dirt" was unscripted. The reactions of the other actors were their actual reactions of Johnny goofing off on stage﻿
0:30 half life aliens fast ﻿
Nice video. I didn`t know about the "non linearity" of many scenes shown in here.﻿
#22 was "Knocked Up" not 40 year old Virgin lol﻿
Most of these were not impromtu...﻿
Oh wow. Out of everything, I would've never guessed that "Tears in rain" was improvised. This is amazing.﻿
Hudson was unscripted? Damn he IS the ultimate badass﻿
What is it like to be a retard?﻿
*25 Greatest Unscripted Scenes in Films*﻿
LOL! Wow- I didn't know this until now. It's no wonder now that they all seemed so real. ﻿
most of these are great.  the 2 that are dumb are the "you're so gay" and the anti-gay sergeant clips.  it's the easiest thing in the world as an actor run down with stereotype crap like that.  just change what they guys in the car said to "coon lover", and you get the point. I wish someone would make another video and include 2 other unscripted scenes from the dozens mentioned below, they would be far more appropriate and impressive.﻿
What about "I've got a jar of dirt"?﻿
Improv scenes and unscripted incidents that make the cut - easily make the movie for me!!﻿
http://www.imdb.com/list/H3tIRoyshcM/?licb=0.3057892764918506﻿
hey where was hitgirl?﻿
1:08 Raab Himself lol﻿
R Lee Ermey was an actual drill instructor.  ﻿
What about the scene from Leon where Gary Oldman improvises the dialog about Beethoven?  Incredible character dialog but I guess maybe the movie isn't popular enough.﻿
#22 was from KNOCKED UP not the 40 YEAR OLD VIRGIN just sayin.﻿
All of these moments……Will be lost.. like tears in the rain…..﻿
u know when u have r lee ermy u dont need a script for him hes a genuis when it comes to being a drill sergeant in a movie﻿
J﻿
Some of the best moments in film, who knew?﻿
Thanks, I enjoyed these, but you left off the absolute best one. The speech that Oprah gives at the dinner table in The Color Purple...THAT was all her!  ﻿
These are great, but #22 is Knocked Up, not 40 Year old Virgin. :]﻿
The scene for usual suspects is actually funnier than it looks !!! the reason their all laughing is because Benecio Del Toro just let one Rip.... Silent but deadly at 2:09 ﻿
Loved it Dustin Hoffman is boss. Love that line use my self when in nyc for cheap laughs﻿
blade runner should have been higher. The tears in Rain soliloquy is one of the most moving and emotional scenes in film in my humble opinion.﻿
I got a jar of dirt scene from pirates of the caribbean and that is mahogany form the hunger games should be on this!!! ﻿
Most of Marlon Brando's overall shit was always improvs﻿
Would Martin Sheen's scene in Apocalypse Now count as "unscripted"? He showed up to the set drunk, the scene in the bedroom was shot whilst he was drunk and he smashed a mirror, basically went nuts. ﻿
Update the video and put Django Unchained on the top spot. The scene where Leo hits the glass and his hand bleeds and he just continues is the most awesome thing ever.﻿
The entire tears in the rain monologue was unscripted. ﻿
Hi﻿
Full metal jacket is an awesome movie, but now that i now the drill sargent's lines were all improv, it's 10 times better﻿
Brilliant﻿
Drop your cocks and grab your socks!  ﻿
All my favourite quotes from movies and I just found out their unscripted? Crazy..﻿
You forgot 2 dialogues: between Christopher Walken and Dennis Hopper in "True Romance" and the dialogue between Dustin Hoffman and Meryl Streep in "Kramer vs. Kramer".﻿
You should check out The Watch, I have a feeling most of Jonah Hill's scenes were improv (like the kiss and the jumping on the back of the truck) which made me die of laughter.﻿
Dustin Hoffman is the best, " Am walking here!!!" and yes he was OMG﻿
"The line "I'm walkin' here!", which reached #27 on AFI's 100 Years...100 Movie Quotes, is often said to have been improvised, but producer Jerome Hellman disputes this account on the 2-disc DVD set of Midnight Cowboy. The cab was driven by an actor during a scripted take,"﻿
As a SAG actor, the best scenes are always unscripted or improv. LOL﻿
where is "I came to chew bubblegum and kick ass... and I'm all outta bubble gum."﻿
what about "i got a jar of dirt" scene?:(﻿
What's with the other Dark Knight Scene where Joker is sitting in his jail cell and just slapps in his Hands without talking? That was uncsripted too! :)﻿
Even though I LOVE Full Metal Jacket.. "Heeere's Johnny!" is definitely the number one when it comes to improvised lines, even people who haven't seen the movie will recognise that scene xD﻿
The font...burning my eyes﻿
the entire death monologue in blade runner was improv, not just the tears in the rain part.﻿
It would be better if you put the Prívate Snowball part hahaha﻿
what about "I've got a jar of dirt!" on pirates of the carribean﻿
Hmmm....makes you wonder what R. Lee Emery knew about "reach arounds"! LOL!﻿
What about the scene from Raiders when Indy shot the guy with the sword in the marketplace? Ford was sick and didnt feel like dueling with the guy﻿
You missed the one in chamber of secrets where harry tells lucius malfoy " Don't worry. I will be" it was unscripted too!! ﻿
I can't believe the scene from Raiders of the Lost Ark wasn't included. That is, without a doubt, number 1 of all time.﻿
All this time; except for 'Full Metal Jacket' ,I knew that couldn't been Scripted, that's real Marine Corps Sh*t (Flash Backs)  I thought it was Great Hollywood  Script writing But It show how great actors Improvise, Overcome and Adapt...Just like Marines ;-)﻿
I'm surprised that, "Warriors! Come out to play'yay", is not higher up on the list.﻿
It's is in the marine corp , not army in the marine corp  boot camp DS are DIand we had to call them sir or ma'am ﻿
Mutha Fuckin Blade Runner!﻿
most of them were the classic lines from the movie﻿
FMJ loved it ﻿
#22 is actually knocked up not 40 year old virgin... Fail﻿
That guy in full metal jacket is a dumbass. You CAN'T call the drill sergeant sir.﻿
WAARRRRIORRSSSS, COME OUT TO PLAYAYAYAYAY﻿
Brilliant.﻿
How about almost all of district 9? I forget his name but the actor who plays wickus improvs almost all his lines.﻿
Great stuff, real pros at work. R Lee Ermey in particular, he was originally hired by Kubrick as an advisor but after Kubrick saw a tape Ermey had put together on drill instructions gave him the job.﻿
How do you know it all was improvised?﻿
R Lee Ermey is a piece of shit.﻿
the last one is funny as sh*t﻿
What about the Young Frankenstein "...some Oveltine?" I hear that was unscripted...for sure should be in the top 25!﻿
Fucking Matt Damon﻿
Midnight Cowboy will always be one of my favorites!﻿
"Leave the gun. Take the cannoli " That's just freakin genius.﻿
Where are i got a jar of dirt ?﻿
During the chase scene in Cairo in "Raiders of the Lost Ark," instead of getting into a sword fight with one goon, Harrison Ford simply pulls out his revolver and shoots the man dead.  This is because he had diarrhea and wanted to cut filming short at that moment.  It was his idea and one of the most memorable scenes of the 80s.  It's surprising that it did not make your list.﻿
Was the scene with Madea and Dr. Phil scripted? I could swear that was all improv.﻿
awesome!﻿
Great video, and great idea for a youtube video too!﻿
lmfao on the usual suspects﻿
Hey please like this pageshttps://www.facebook.com/pages/Joshua-Eastall/329362897104361https://www.facebook.com/pages/Josh-Anderson/1402451689998233﻿
what about "I got a jar of dirt" scene in pirates of the Caribbean (their reactions were their actual reactions to it)  ﻿
Improvised acting looked natural, but totally insane. Like kinda silly.﻿
moment 22 was from Knocked Up i have that movie just a little fyi ty﻿
actually that Bill Murray scene in Caddyshack is completely unscripted it was never supposed to be in the movie and Murray was doing it as a joke and they caught it on camera﻿
I love R. Lee Ermy in Full Metal Jacket.﻿
In the scene of Die Hard where Hans Gruber, played by Alan Rickman, falls to his death, Alan was to be dropped 30 feet onto an inflated device. Alan was too scared to do it so the director did the stunt to show him how harmless it was.  Alan agreed to it and the plan was a stuntman would drop Rickman at the count of three, however, the stuntman was told to drop him before 3 to get a realistic reaction from Rickman. The face you see Gruber make is Rickman's own reaction to being dropped prematurely :)﻿
Awesome piece of video....Thank you for posting this. Big movie buff and had NO clue that these lines were improvised﻿
Isn't #22 a scene from 'Knocked Up'?﻿
"But, I don't want to go..."﻿
Hasta la vista baby﻿
"He's looking at you, kid" was unscripted.  That is one of the best one liners Hollywood has produced. Way to go improv. ﻿
1:17 is so unbelievably spot-on.﻿
"You're gonna need a bigger boat", one of the greatest catch lines in cinema history was unscripted? Very cool!  ﻿
I died last one...﻿
actually, a lot of these WERE scripted.﻿
Wrong, R. Lee Ermey improvised for his early auditions in front of Kubrick, but followed a script he had co written (roughly) during the actual filming...﻿
Sorry, but greatest improviser of dialogue ever was Rick Morranis!!In Space Balls the doll scene was not scripted. Mel Brooks gave him the dolls and said go to town. And he did.And then there was the improvised scene of his from Ghost Busters. Where he talked about Ted and Annette and their business in receivership. Totally unscripted!It's a shame he was not included in this list!﻿
That was old school DI. ﻿
How about The Party? Almost everything in the film was improvised within a broad plot outline.﻿
Whole sargeant quotes in Full Metal Jacket were an improvisation cause, he was a real sargeant- specialist of combat training. ﻿
Dude, where's the "I GOT A JAR OF DIRT!" scene from Pirates Of The Caribbean????????﻿
all theese moments makes me goosebumps, but the Bladerunner is still the best!﻿
The Usual Suspects scene is my favorite﻿
Much of the drill sergeant's dialogue actually comes directly from the book The Short Timers that Full Metal Jacket is based on ﻿
The most annoying sound in the world is Jim Carrey every time he speaks.﻿
"You talkin' to me?"﻿
juukkär puukkär ftw﻿
Nothing from Apocalypse Now?  The opening scene with Sheen waking from the drunken stupor is entirely improvised, including the cut hand (which is a real cut, really made by smashing the mirror), and Marlon Brando's lines were apparently all 100% improvised.. he was simply given basic direction and told to do as he wanted.﻿
I just love, love, love movies.....﻿
4:09 troll face ﻿
2:01 lmfao!﻿
great﻿
Exactly how can we confirm these scenes were all unscripted ? I enjoyed watching,but I reject your premise.﻿
No Johnny Depp with his jar of dirt? What the fuck?﻿
05:41 We all know why we're here.﻿
isnt that drill instructor that crazy old guy from the texas chainsaw massacre (2006)﻿
The best thing about #1 has to be that everyone kept a straight face (except Vincent D'Onofrio).﻿
There's no mention of Benicio Del Toro farting during that scene.  That's what most of them were laughing at.﻿
Private Snowball! You may be disappointed to know we do not serve fried chicken and watermelon in our mess hall every day! ﻿
I think you should add the table scene with the Turkie and the Sheriff from ThanksKilling. All of it was totally made up at the moment.﻿
Great vid, thanks!﻿
All of the dialogue in This is Spinal Tap was unscripted, so you could pretty much show the whole film here.﻿
bs﻿
Rutger Hauer says "tears in rain", not "tears in the rain." And also, the entire preceding bit - I've seen things you people wouldn't believe.  Attack ships on fire off the shoulder of Orion. I watched c-beams glitter in the dark near the Tannhäuser Gate - was also improvised.﻿
Goodfellas, "How the fuck am I funny?" or was that actually planned??﻿
R. Lee Ermey was great.﻿
What about that scene from Pirates of The Caribean where Johnny Depp said "Ive got a jar of dirt, I've got a jar of dirt, and guess what is inside it?"? It was unscripted and all the other actors reactions were real.﻿
Did he also do Johnny Depp's "I have a jar of dirt!" one?﻿
Dustin Hoffman scene was epic﻿
What about Harrison Ford in 'Raiders of the Lost Ark'? He encountered an Arab swordsman in the marketplace (while chasing his girlfriend) who spent about 30 seconds showing off his skills. Apparently Ford forgot his lines or something and just pulled out his pistol and blew the swordsman away. Pure improvisation.﻿
1:10 :D.﻿
woah﻿
What about the quote "Frankly my dear, I don't give a damn" ?﻿
"I bet you could suck a golf ball through a garden hose"That R Lee Ermey line always got me.﻿
Matt damon is a fucking annoying prick﻿
*I didn´t know that pretty cool*﻿
this typeface ur using here is rubbish﻿
I can't hear Singin' in the Rain without thinking of that Clockwork Orange scene. That and a vampire brushing his teeth (Billy and Mandy) ﻿
Basically all of Full Metal Jacket was unscripted. Gotta love Emery﻿
A little addition on #11: He was supposed to say "I love you too" but didn't think it would fit the character as well, so he went with "I know". And #1: R. Lee Ermey used to be a drill instructor and thus they gave him free reign for authencitity. And I think we all know the result of that :3﻿
How impossible must it have been to stand there and hear those hilarious drill sergeant lines and NOT bust up laughing.﻿
amazing that some of the most famous lines in film history were improvised﻿
I thought Matt Damon's improvised scene from "Saving Private Ryan" was very cheesy. BAD acting, imho....﻿
Awesome, im glad some people still have a good eye for what real movie enthusiests want to see﻿
"a reach around'. Hmmm.. Well.... it's always important to be polite.﻿
You didn't add in the unscripted joe Pesci scene from goodfellas! What!﻿
Moral of the story: Actors > Writers.﻿
BULLLLLSHITTT LOOKS TO ME LIKE THE BEST PART OF YOU RAN DOWN THE CRACK OF YOUR MAMAS ASS AND ENDED UP A BROWN STAIN ON THE MATTRESS!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! I THINK YOU BEEN CHEATED!!!!!!!!!!!﻿
What no "I GOT A JAR AF DIRT. I GOT A JAR OF DIRT."﻿
Great list.﻿
Warriors come out to playyyyyeah﻿
Where is napalm in the morning?﻿
Dark knight should be higher ranked for sure﻿
lmfao that last part was epic, "I bet your the kind of guy who would fuck a person without even having the goddamn fucking courtesy to give him a reach around."﻿
WOW!!! LOVE IT﻿
I love how people are acting like it's the end of the fucking world, about him making one mistake on naming one of the movies ﻿
Han' me da keys ya ca'suckaIN ENGLISH PLEASE!Han' me da fukiin keys ya ca'sucka - what da fuuuuucklol Benicio﻿
lee Ermey is the best. Give him a reach around!LOL﻿
that's not "40 year old virgin" moron. it's "knocked up"﻿
Denzel washingtons' line in Training Day was improvised. "King Kong ain't got shit on me!"﻿
Now I know where dave chappelle got that line in the skip making the band"breastttmilkkkkk, you made my dayyayyyy"﻿
It's pretty incredible that the most memorable and iconic moments of "Midnight Cowboy" and "Taxi Driver" were ad-libbed. There's an outtake from "Meet the Fockers" where Hoffman razzes DeNiro with an impression of "you talkin' to me?"﻿
That intro in FMJ is legendary.﻿
What about Jack Sparrows :I got a jar of dirt!"   that should be on the list! :O﻿
I love that Drill Sergeant.﻿
mewlists you fucking idiot!! number 22 is Knocked UP not 40 year old virgin you stupid dumb fuck!!!﻿
the last scene from Born To Kill is far the best one ever! hahahahahaha﻿
What about Indiana Jones shooting the swordsman in Riders of the Lost Ark?﻿
Great video to watch.... except it's not ttrrruuueeeeee!!!! he he! Great vid nevertheless﻿
"I love you." "I know."﻿
The original story that Robin Williams' character told was about the wife shutting off an alarm clock in her sleep all the time. Robin came up with the farting story to replace that one in the script.﻿
Something tells me some of these WERE scripted. Just seems too well-shot to be faked.﻿
I bet you can suck a golf ball out of a garden hose!﻿
R. Lee Ermey was a drill instructor. ﻿
You did forget a major one.  The scene in the Italian Job where that blow the van up, and Michael Cains "You were only supposed to blow the bloody doors off" line.  Was all unscripted as the explosives guy got to excited with the amount of explosive.﻿
Much of "This Is Spinal Tap" was improvised.  How could something from that movie not be on that list?﻿
The Dark Knight: PLUS Heath Ledger didn't ever look back when they blew up a whole building.﻿
what about the boondock saints when Rocco shoots the cat and he says "is it dead?" that wasn't supposed to happen﻿
Can't wait for Dumb and Dumber 2﻿
I bet your the kinda person who fucks people in the ass...﻿
You talking to me? That is part of the pop culture now.﻿
You totally forgot the "I've got a jar of dirt!" scene from Pirates of the Caribbean Dead Man's Chest. That is completely improvised.﻿
The hospital scene from The Dark Knight was not unscripted. There's a behind the scenes on that where they say they rehearsed that with Heath probably 12 good times before they did it. ﻿
do they ever give Robin Williams a script?﻿
You left out the scene in Raiders of the Lost Ark where Harrison Ford shoots the guy with the sword.﻿
im  only 2 mins in but how is warriors come out to play not number 1.﻿
How do you make a list like this and not get all of the movies right with the names? lol﻿
The "shinning"?﻿
vote for my short film in the moga contest!!!  https://review.wizehive.com/voting/view/mogamegavideo/0/1699993﻿
22 is Knocked Up....not 40 yr old virgin﻿
There is no way you will ever convince me that last scene (FMJ) was unscripted. As hilarious as R Lee is, and as brilliantly as he delivered it, NO WAY the rest of those actors wouldnt have been on the floor in fetal positions laughing their asses off if they didnt know that was coming. He is way too funny here not to get even a smirk! Even as serious as he is trying to act.﻿
In Titanic, when Rose left Jack tied to the post while the ship was filling water, Leonardo DiCaprio's like "I'll just wait here" was unscripted﻿
Great video. :)﻿
What about Ben Stiller fallen off  the gurney  while being put in ambulance after he got his junk caught in his zipper on prom night of all nights.Hilarious....Good stuff here i really enjoyed this thx....Change of pace for a change.Every on here lately is friggin depressing and traumatizing.﻿
Was 16 a girl in the car ﻿
I still wonder about the joker scene from batman. I cannot imagine that it was a one-shot+improvisation in modern times of CGI+greenscreen.﻿
That was really cool, thanks for sharing!﻿
Crazy. Did Ben and Matt share the Oscar with Williams cuz that might be the best written part of the movie.﻿
Something tells me number 25 is an urban legend. Any links?﻿
1:10, BEST PART﻿
Even the improvised dialogue in Good Will Hunting is atrocious.﻿
The Privates in the background of Full Metal Jacket are trying their hardest not to smile!﻿
perfect #1!I love how bill murray was in 2 of them... pure fucking genious!﻿
How could you possibly leave out Indiana Jones pulling out a gun and shooting the sword guy in "Raiders of the Lost Ark"?﻿
Their was barely even a script for 40 Year Old Virgin most of it was improv﻿
Kubrick:  Lee!! That was fantastic!  What's a "reach around"?Lee:  Stanley, use your imagination.Kubrick:  OMG, ok I'm using that take.﻿
They didn't mention that the last scene, the one from "Full Metal Jacket" was acted by a former drill instructor. ". . . and not even have the common courtesy of giving him a reach around." Maybe he made that up on the spot or maybe it was from his DI days. Haha.﻿
Are you talkin to me?﻿
No way I could have been a actor in FMJ! I would have been laughing the hole time! Give him a reach around lol! What a movie!﻿
I don't believe any single one of them "improvisations". Especially not the NYC cab ingnoring the FILMING sign and almost running over Dustin Hoffmann. So lame!﻿
You forgot the scene in Young Frankenstein where the blind guy says "I was gonna make espresso". Apparently it wasn't part of the script but Mel Brooks liked it so much he kept it. haha﻿
R. Lee Ermey's improv from Full Metal Jacket is my favourite too!﻿
What about The Departed scene where jacks sneaks behind leonardo?﻿
I fucking hate Good Will Hunting. The title alone is just retarded. Everything about the movies sucks. I do like some of Affleck and Damon's subsequent stuff though.﻿
R. Lee Ermey said on KOA Radio a few days ago that he wrote the lines he spoke.﻿
R Lee Ermy is pretty well known for ad-libbing lines, and sometimes scenes entirely. He was originally brought into movies as an advisor, but impressed the big wigs so much he started acting also. For him, I would imagine, some of this stuff is memory as much as acting.﻿
R Lee Ermey, the father that I wished I had.﻿
What is the movie at 4:17???? They sampled that in the song 'oblivion' by M83 on soundcloud. Really awesome song.﻿
not one black and white clip?  boomer  why leave out the classics?﻿
i cant remember the name of last film﻿
from what I've read pretty much the entire sequence of Rutger Hauer's death in blade runner was unscripted﻿
He makes a realistic drill instructor awesome actor﻿
That thing with the Joker trying to get that explosion remote to work is cool.﻿
Is that Sully?﻿
           ^         Bob has decided that nuclear ☻/      /  \        weapons are the only way to fix youtube. /▌       |☢|        Copy and Paste this all over youtube / \       //||\\       to completely obliterate Google+﻿
I read in the Story Notes that one of the best scenes in American Graffiti was also improvised. It was the scene toward the end of the movie, right after the race with the '55 Chevy. Paul LeMat was pretending that he was losing the race because he didn't want to race any more, and Charles Martin Smith was arguing with him. That was some of the best dialogue in the movie, and they made it all up. They were just given a general outline, and the sun was in the exact right position, so they had to get it right in one take. And, they did. That's how good they were. Lines like, "You got the bitchinest car in the Valley John, you'll always be number one" and "That's OK Toad, we'll take 'em all" were all improvised. ﻿
"...and not even have the God-damned common courtesy to give him a reach-around."If that was unscripted, a lot of credit has to be given to the guys for being able to keep straight faces.﻿
            ^         Bob has decided that nuclear ☻/      /  \        weapons are the only way to fix youtube. /▌       |☢|        Copy and Paste this all over youtube / \       //||\\       to completely obliterate Google+﻿
Only steers and queers come from Texas, Private Cowboy.﻿
just saw the year ok failed in my last comment. ﻿
what about Leonardo Di Caprio's Django scene where he cuts his hands in real life but continues.﻿
I understand that Chief Dan Geoge's "endeavor to persevere" story in "The Outlaw Josey Wales" was unscripted. Apparently Eastwood let him do a lot of ad libbing in that movie. That's one that should be in anybody's top 25. But hey, there are lots of movies out there and this was a tough job to do.Thanks for the video and all the work it must have taken.﻿
These are amazing﻿
Will hunting! ﻿
Pretty much the entire "campfire circle" scene in the Breakfast Club was improvised. I found that extremely impressive seeing as they were all young actors and that scene had a good chunk of the movie's character development.﻿
To be yelled at by R.Lee Ermey is on my bucket list.﻿
░░░░███████ ]▄▄▄▄▄▄▄▄          Bob is building an army.▂▄▅█████████▅▄▃▂           ☻/   This tank & Bob are against Google+Il███████████████████].      /▌    Copy and Paste this all over  ◥⊙▲⊙▲⊙▲⊙▲⊙▲⊙▲⊙◤..      / \     Youtube if you are with us﻿
Goes to show how much improvisation can give.﻿
3:28 --> Who else agrees that kinda sounds like Daniel Tosh?﻿
dang, he didnt have indiana jones, where the guy does this fancy sword thing and indy just shoots him :P﻿
how about the entire joker jack Nicholson role was improvised.  i guess that didn't count cause it's not a scene.  it's the entire movie role.﻿
☻/ This is Bob. Copy and paste him/▌ all over YouTube/ \ so he can take overand return the old comment section﻿
           ☻/☻/☻/☻/ ︻╦╤─                              .  ▂▄▅  /▌ /▌ /▌  /▌     ██▅▃▂       Help Bob in the war against Google+!Copy it  I███████████████████]           all over youtube to take down google+ and     ◥⊙▲⊙▲⊙▲⊙▲⊙▲⊙▲⊙◤            the new youtube comments section﻿
Where the fuck is Jack Sparrow?﻿
btw the whole singing in the rain was improvised but the actual first line of the song he sings is i'm singing in the rape ﻿
░░░███████ ]▄▄▄▄▄▄▄▄                   Bob is building an army.▂▄▅█████████▅▄▃▂       ☻/︻╦╤─   This tank & Bob are against Google+Il███████████████████].  /▌              Copy and Paste this all over  ◥⊙▲⊙▲⊙▲⊙▲⊙▲⊙▲⊙◤..  / \         ﻿
full metal jacket﻿
Hey Bob, they asked you if you wanted to link it with your Google+ account and you obviously said no, you have no idea why, but you just felt like sharing a bullshit comment chain, just to spam everyone.﻿
░░░░░███████ ]▄▄▄▄▄▄▄▄          Bob is building an army.▂▄▅█████████▅▄▃▂           ☻/   This tank & Bob are against Google+Il███████████████████].      /▌    Copy and Paste this all over  ◥⊙▲⊙▲⊙▲⊙▲⊙▲⊙▲⊙◤..      / \     Youtube if you are with us﻿
☻/ This is Bob/▌   Copy him all over Youtube / \  So he can take down Google+﻿
Where the fuck is Dog Day Afternoon on this list﻿
░░░░░███████ ]▄▄▄▄▄▄▄▄          Bob is building an army.▂▄▅█████████▅▄▃▂           ☻/   This tank & Bob are against Google+Il███████████████████].      /▌    Copy and Paste this all over  ◥⊙▲⊙▲⊙▲⊙▲⊙▲⊙▲⊙◤..      / \     Youtube if you are with us﻿
░░░░░███████ ]▄▄▄▄▄▄▄▄          Bob is building an army.▂▄▅█████████▅▄▃▂           ☻/   This tank & Bob are against Google+Il███████████████████].      /▌    Copy and Paste this all over  ◥⊙▲⊙▲⊙▲⊙▲⊙▲⊙▲⊙◤..      / \     Youtube if you are with us﻿
 ░░░░░███████ ]▄▄▄▄▄▄▄▄                   Bob is building an army.▂▄▅█████████▅▄▃▂       ☻/︻╦╤─   This tank & Bob are against Google+Il███████████████████].  /▌              Copy and Paste this all over  ◥⊙▲⊙▲⊙▲⊙▲⊙▲⊙▲⊙◤..  / \               YouTube if you are with us﻿
I am surprised that you did not include the "I am alright" line from "It's a Wonderful Life".﻿
░░░░░███████ ]▄▄▄▄▄▄▄▄                   Bob is building an army.▂▄▅█████████▅▄▃▂             \☻/︻╦╤─   This tank & Bob are against Google+Il███████████████████].|              Copy and Paste this all over  ◥⊙▲⊙▲⊙▲⊙▲⊙▲⊙▲⊙◤..  / \               YouTube if you are with us﻿
 ░░░░░███████ ]▄▄▄▄▄▄▄▄                   Bob is building an army.▂▄▅█████████▅▄▃▂       ☻/︻╦╤─   This tank & Bob are against Google+Il███████████████████].  /▌              Copy and Paste this all over  ◥⊙▲⊙▲⊙▲⊙▲⊙▲⊙▲⊙◤..  / \               YouTube if you are with us﻿
the "I've got a jar of dirt" scene from Pirates of the Caribbean is improvised.﻿
Number 6! Music to my ears.﻿
░░░░░███████ ]▄▄▄▄▄▄▄▄                   Bob is building an army.▂▄▅█████████▅▄▃▂       ☻/︻╦╤─   This tank & Bob are against Google+Il███████████████████].  /▌              Copy and Paste this all over  ◥⊙▲⊙▲⊙▲⊙▲⊙▲⊙▲⊙◤..  / \               YouTube if you are with us﻿
░░░░███████ ]▄▄▄▄▄▄▄▄                   Bob is building an army.▂▄▅█████████▅▄▃▂       ☻/︻╦╤─   This tank & Bob are against Google+Il███████████████████].  /▌              Copy and Paste this all over  ◥⊙▲⊙▲⊙▲⊙▲⊙▲⊙▲⊙◤..   / \               YouTube if you are with us﻿
░░░░███████ ]▄▄▄▄▄▄▄▄           Bob is building an army. ▂▄▅█████████▅▄▃▂          ☻/   This tank & Bob are against Google+[███████████████████].      /▌    Copy and Paste this all over  ◥⊙▲⊙▲⊙▲⊙▲⊙▲⊙▲⊙◤..     / \     YouTube if you are with us!﻿
The number one line should been when Hartman asked Pyle 'Did your parents have any children that lived " I'll bet they regret that you're so ugly you could be a modern art masterpiece" ﻿
░░░░███████ ]▄▄▄▄▄▄▄▄           Bob is building an army. ▂▄▅█████████▅▄▃▂          ☻/   This tank & Bob are against Google+[███████████████████].      /▌    Copy and Paste this all over  ◥⊙▲⊙▲⊙▲⊙▲⊙▲⊙▲⊙◤..     / \     YouTube if you are with us!﻿
░░░░░███████ ]▄▄▄▄▄▄▄▄                   Bob is a fucking war veteran so show▂▄▅█████████▅▄▃▂       ☻/︻╦╤─   him some respect you cunts!Il███████████████████].  /▌              Copy and Paste this all over  ◥⊙▲⊙▲⊙▲⊙▲⊙▲⊙▲⊙◤..  / \               YouTube if you are with him﻿
Heath Ledger man! Hands down the best actor!
wheres "i gotta jar a dirt!" from pirates of the carribean?﻿
The "How am I funny.. Funny like a clown?" scene from Goodfellas, is improvised as well. That one kinda missed from the list. Otherwise a fine list.﻿
░░░░███████ ]▄▄▄▄▄▄▄▄          Bob is building an army.▂▄▅█████████▅▄▃▂          ☻/   This tank & Bob are against Google+Il███████████████████].  /▌    Copy and Paste this all over YouTube  ◥⊙▲⊙▲⊙▲⊙▲⊙▲⊙▲⊙◤..      / \     To bring back the old comment system and if u want GOOGLE+ TO GET THE FUCK OUT!!﻿
Entertaining, but "unscripted" does not mean "improvised."﻿
░░░░░███████ ]▄▄▄▄▄▄▄▄          Bob is building an army.▂▄▅█████████▅▄▃▂                This tank & Bob are against Google+Il███████████████████].          Copy and Paste this all over  ◥⊙▲⊙▲⊙▲⊙▲⊙▲⊙▲⊙◤..            Youtube if you aren't capable of caring because you have bills to pay!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!     ﻿
░░░░███████ ]▄▄▄▄▄▄▄▄           Bob is building an army. ▂▄▅█████████▅▄▃▂          ☻/   This tank & Bob are against Google+[███████████████████].      /▌    Copy and Paste this all over  ◥⊙▲⊙▲⊙▲⊙▲⊙▲⊙▲⊙◤..     / \     YouTube if you are with us!﻿
Actually, the explosions in The Dark Knight weren't supposed to stop. They had one shot to get it, so when they stopped, they just kept filming, and Ledger's reactions were improvised.﻿
░░░░░███████ ]▄▄▄▄▄▄▄▄          Bob is building an army.▂▄▅█████████▅▄▃▂           ☻/   This tank & Bob are against Google+Il███████████████████].      /▌    Copy and Paste this all over  ◥⊙▲⊙▲⊙▲⊙▲⊙▲⊙▲⊙◤..      / \     Youtube if you are with us﻿
How do they improvise scenes with multiple shots when there is only one camera?﻿
I must agree with your listings! Not only some of the best lines in movie history but also some of the best movies themselves.﻿
 ☻/ This is Bob . Copy and paste him/▌ all over Youtube/ \ so he can take over and take down Google+﻿
 ☻/ This is Bob . Copy and paste him/▌ all over Youtube/ \ so he can take over and take down Google+﻿
☻/ This is Bob. Copy and paste him/▌ all over youtube/ \ so he can take overand return the old comment section﻿
☻/ This is Bob. Copy and paste him /▌ all over youtube / \ so he can take over and return the old comment section﻿
Probably the best most effective use of youtube annotations I've ever come across.﻿
Awesome list, and this came out before "Django Unchained was released, so you couldn't have put it in here but still; When Leonardo DiCaprio hits his hand on the table, and accidentally hits a glass cup (with whiskey in it, or some alcoholic drink I believe) with his bare hand was purely an accident! BUT, he kept character, and continued his dialog while peeling the glass out of his hand like a badass!        BTW, "The Wolf of Wall Street" comes out next month, so I'm sure there will be plenty of improvised moments in that movie.:)﻿
Lol what a mockery Heath Ledger made of the The Joker, but he died so of course his performance is all of a sudden better than it actually was. Truth is is if he didn't die, his performance would have been slammed because it was horrendous.﻿
Usual suspects. That's the funniest scene in the movie. Even more so now﻿
Are you awake? from The Jerk with Steve Martin
The Caddy Shack scene of Bill Murray hitting the flowers, that whole monologue was improvised "cinderella story, cinderella boy" all that. Remis said so in an interview that the script just said "Carl is chopping off the heads of flowers with a club"﻿
05:41 - the best - Full Metal Jacket ftw.﻿
there was one scene I expected to be hear but was not, which was will smiths line in independence day "AND WHAT THE HELL IS THAT HORRIBLE SMELL" was unscripted and said because he smelt roting shrimp in the lot next to the filming﻿
Where's Arnold Schwarzenegger in Terminator 2 at the end of the movie where he's battered and bruised "I need a vacation". ﻿
thats s awome that actors can do that, there are no bad movies, just bad dirrectors﻿
No warriors come out to play?﻿
watched The Heat, Wolverine and Now You See Me thanks Iwannawatchitnow. com﻿
found this website iwannawatchitnow. com its great. all new movies already online. incredible﻿
warriors come out to play guy has face u wanna slap﻿
This is a great video.  My favorite scene is "Warriors come out to play".  The guy had to be truly demented to come up with that.﻿
I just saw "The Shinning" for the 1st time last week. But my favorite one year was probably Heath Ledger as the Joker﻿
I read once that Ermey was kept away from the rest of the cast so that the opening scene where his character is introduced, is also the first time the recruits see him also. The emotion on their faces is generally real. Also, it is said that after ermey improvised the "reach around line" Kubrick stopped the scene and then asked him, "What's a reach around?" According to lore, Ermey was considered for an academy award for best supporting actor. The only problem was, he wasn't acting. He was the real deal.﻿
"I got a jar of dirt"???? T-T﻿
Thanks for posting.﻿
The best one is Robin Williams in Good Will Hunting. C'mon you all know you felt the feels there. Second place... Heath as the Joker﻿
No Orson Welles speech on the Renaissance - "1000 years of civilisation and what do they (the Swiss) come up with? The Cuckoo Clock!" - from "The Third Man"? For shame!﻿
the last 2 dont work﻿
My favorite ones are 5 and 3.﻿
Best three, "I Know," Heath Ledger's movements and "GIVE ME THE KEYS YOU FUCKING COCK SUCKER!!!"﻿
That particular scene with Seth Rogen and Paul Rudd was actually from "Knocked Up" (though the two of them did have a similar ad libbed scene in "40 Year Old Virgin"). Great video, though, I really enjoyed it!﻿
The majority of the first half of Full Metal Jacket in the drill scenes all were improvised. That includes all of the songs during running and most of the non-combat drills that were used.﻿
According to the internet, Seth Rogens whole performance in 40 year old virgin was improv.﻿
"Alien Vs. Predator: Requiem": WAY worse than "AVP". And "Freddy Vs. Jason" doesn't belong on this list.﻿
The full metal jacket one was the best, "I bet you're the type of guy that would fuck a person in the ass and not even have the god dam common courtesy to give him a reach around." How the fuck did that actor come up with that?﻿
22 is Knocked Up not 40 year virgin ﻿
Leo in Django Unchained. In the scene where he slams his hands on the table he accidently cut  himself but just kept on acting. Impressive.﻿
leo dicaprio in django unchained, when he cut is hand was not planned!﻿
What about the dance scene in pulp fiction?﻿
ARE YOU SUCING A DICK?! NO SIR!﻿
HOW  DID U GET ALL THIS FOOTAGE IF IT WAS NOT SCRIPTED WITH ALL THE ACTORS﻿
25 escenas que no estaban escritas así en el guión. Cuando actualicen esta lista esperamos ver a Leonardo DiCaprio con la mano sangrante en Django Unchained﻿
"Maybe be can build a fire, sing a couple of songs, eh? Why don't we try that?"
missing is the scene in The Fugitive when Harrison Ford says "I didn't kill my wife" and Tommy Lee Jones responds with " I don't care﻿
what is the name of the movie i know i watched it a long time ago but i forgot the name XD
You got number1 right.If informed correctly the actor was actually a drill seargent in the marines before becoming an actor. 
I take it you didn't read the explanation that came with it.. sigh..
Hello everyone. Fabulous movie. My bro was once fat. He went from 284lbs of pure fat into 218lbs of natural lean muscle mass. We thought it was marvelous! I just registered myself as I wanna strengthen. He used the Muscle Building Bible (Look in Google)...
"Holy Jesus. What the fuck is that?! WHAT IS THAT, PRIVATE PYLE?!" A jelly doughnut?!" "Is chow allowed in the barracks, Private Pyle?" "Are you allowed to eat doughnuts, Private Pyle?!" "And why not?" "Because you are a disgusting fatbody, Private Pyle!"
...private Cowboy... ftw
HEY I'M WALKING HERE
Im pretty sure the huge ass explosion in The Dark Knight was somewhere in the script.
pray to ALMIGHTY ALLAH, obey the 10 commandments or﻿ you will burn in hell for eternity. ALLAH is﻿ All﻿ knowing and﻿ merciful. ALLAH forgive me for my﻿ sins.﻿ Judgment day is soon.﻿ Life﻿ is a﻿ test﻿ for the afterlife.﻿ Jesus is a prophet. there's no god except ALLAH and prophet Muhammad﻿ is the messenger.
This list sucks!
Ummmmm none of Gandalf's famous "YOU SHALL NOT PASS"? The line In the script was as it is in the book, "NONE SHALL PASS", but Ian McKellan improved that...
What about "Squeal like a Pig!" from Deliverance? That was improvised.
I knew the "Here's Johnny" line sounded familiar lol
that "reach-around" line killed me... LMFAO 
i guess its not as good as these
that 'singing in the rain' bit in the clockwork orange film was utterly brilliant, still one of my favorite film sequences
yeah, and where is that spontaneous scene from "the crow"? That wasn't on the script either, I'm relatively sure.
I remember an interview with Spielberg ref: Jaws where Robert Shaw improved the entire scene of Capt. Quint recalling the USS Indianapolis sinking. This was a relatively long passage, there was discussion of some story to be told, but Shaw developed/retold the entire tragic historical event as if you were there....one of my favorites.
That dudes a total bad ass. Sgt.Slaughter for real.
nice ,,
Scene 22. is from Knocked up... NOT 40 years and virgin :P
naaa.i just ran out of donuts. and you know, no donuts= ploetzlich30 turns mad.
that was an ooooverreaction
Any reason or saying each line was "unscripted?" #. I think we get the point.
stick it in your comfort home ass and shut up! how do these assholes even get you idiots to advert them with this stupid shit?
please keep the annotations on? DOUCHEBAG! if someone has them already deactivated, he wont even see that one.
0:27 Gmod Idiot Box, anyone?
#22 was "knocked up" not "the forty year old virgin"
Add Harry potter movie 2 "let's hope Harry potter will always be here to save the day" "don't worry I will" especially considering he was 12 that was amazing.
"unscripted."
a good portion of the joker scenes in the dark night had some form of improving by heath ledger. BTW that's incorrect the explosion was intended to be instant but there was a prop failure so he just acted exasperated and started rapidly tapping it. That explosion was so expensive they couldn't reproduce it so they stuck with it.
usual suspects great movie
Dam at least give them the reach around...
hey, dao you wanna hear the most annoying sound in the world?
Yes lee Emery was a drill instructor for the Marines...and yes, I am sure your right..lol 
:40 Knocked up*
Yeah, I did the ballerina thing too!!
"Are you talking to me?"﻿
watch?v=qq9q8bbRU6k So im guessing it was like this....
watch?v=qq9q8bbRU6k So im guessing it was like this....
Basically he was yelling at me for no reason, and when ever he would ask me a question, I would answer him with the gayest voice and shit, saying the gayest things like, "well honey, let me see, and I would put my hands on my hips, and kinda switch to the side" basically gay gestures and shit. It was hella funny!!!
Wheres Captain Jack Sparrows "I've got a jar of dirt!"
relly tell me what happened lol XD 
nice compilation <3
Ok. I’m really envious of my cousin currently. He’s actually been alone for a long time. By some fluke, he has got a model to deeply love him in weeks. Just how can that be possible? He told me he tried the Cupid Love System (Google it!) I wish someone lovely fell for me… I’ve not before seen him so fulfilled. Kinda makes me frustrated.
The moment in the fellowship of he ring when the guy accidentally misses where he was supposed to throw his sword and it ends up flying straight towards aragon, who then hits it away with his sword
L'improvvisazione è un'arte vera!
yeah during the filming of that scene in Indiana Jones, Harrison ford was too tired from all the filming and just improvised. it was supposed to be an intense fight
Very well said. I agree totally.
I made me drill instructor laugh once by acting gay!!! Not only did he laugh but my whole division was in tears!!!
The scene with seth rogen and paul rudd is from knocked up not 40 year old virgin 
Peter puffer. lol
Having gone through basic training a few years before that movie came out, I can assure you most drill instructors used those lines. 
@ theoremaxin Oh now you are just going out of your way to be a massive faggot
@Kikiat2012 troll harder nigger
It is really amazing how every improved scene was an iconic one attributed to that movie.
most of theise movees wer'e maide for faggits 
That is true and I guess its to hard to cut the supply chain to the black market
Yes, They talked about it in a interview if i remember. Heath ledger was an amazing actor, he lived in an apartment for a month or two locking him self in from the outside just to get the actions and voice of the joker. He wrote a dairy of his feelings and unfortunately he overdosed on drugs. Even before the Dark Knight, you could see how great of an actor is, his actions and all.
the 'tears in rain' was one of the things that really stuck with me from that movie, amazing to think it was improvised
I'm the kind of guy that would fuck a person in the ass and not even have the god damn common courtesy to give them a reach-around. 
Was that batman clip really unscripted?
 You forgot to include The Transformers movies...I think Michael Bay was making that junk up as he went along. The whole franchise is improvised.
Listen now don't start making sense..... Progressives hate that..... And yeah the scene is awesome.
the "heres johnny" scene was completely unscripted. 
wow, you're a genuine asshole. all of that was unnecessary. i love how you take the time to look at an average profile pic and break it down to me being a homosexual when it's not even the case, and you don't know the story behind the picture. i don't even like that team btw. lol.
Hell yeah we could private Simmons.
We care why?
nice
Nicolas Cage.
Hello everyone. Fabulous vid. My older brother used to be an overweight boy. He changed himself from 290 lbs of pure fat into 217 lbs of total muscle mass. I became stunned. I just signed up myself because I want to greatly enhance my body. He used the Muscle Building Bible (Look in Google)...
Totally agree 
This conversation was brought to you through the power of internet magic!
In an ideal world, that would be so true. But right now there are bad people. Bad people usually get their guns from the black market. So taking away guns would disarm every law abiding citizen, but the bad people can still get them from the black market. But in the end of the day, can't we just agree that Full Metal Jacket is fucking awesome?
ANNOYING SOUND SEQUENCE. PERFECT. LMAO
@2:14 Benecio farted, FYI.
muy bueno ,,
Yo yo... Superb video. My uncle used to be a fat. He changed himself from 285 lbs of fat into 205 lbs of massive lean muscle. Everyone was in shock. I just subscribed personally coz I wanna strengthen. He used the Muscle Building Bible (Search on Google)...
you sound like a little bitch
That painful occasion when your close friend (who’s been a loser for a lifetime, by the way) gets an unbelievable woman to fall for him in like 2 weeks?! God, that just happened. I’m aware I ought to be happy however I want it to be me. He revealed that he applied the the Cupid Love System (Google it). I want to disappear inside a cave at this point...
at :43 its "knocked up" not "40 year old virgin"
To add to that explanation, Switzerland also limits the purchase of 3 guns once you obtain the permit to own a firearm in the first place. Again, go to the places here with the highest legal firearms purchases and notice that they have 2 in their truck, 5 per rack on the walls and some even jammed in the corner of their closets. If we step up the gun education, we'd be much better off. Just dumping the right to go crazy with it is irresponsible and has no evidence of logic or safety.
Switzerland also has a people's militia. This means most men of age (for them, 20-30) are trained with weapons much more than, for example, American men in the same age range. The requirements to get a permit and purchase a gun are much lower than military training standards, obviously. Most legal gun ownership in this country is in the South, and I promise you, if you were to look into those houses, many of them have open gun racks chilling on the living room wall...
dont be daft. if a person wants something they will find a way to get it. Whether that is the black market, smuggling across borders, or manufacturing said firearm themselves.
If there are no guns, how did the guy get the gun?
Gah, I put in another comment that said if NO ONE had guns except the police there would be no crimes were the criminal had a gun
yes good font 
Oh man... how did Peter Seller's not win an oscar for Dr. Strangelove???
2:00 Why do I love this scene so much?
2:00 Why do I love this scene so much?
Good job!
1:14 "Where's the kaboom? There was supposed to be an Earth-shuddering kaboom!" *checks remote* "Hmm... what does this button do?" *smacks remote* *kaboom* "Ah, there we go!"
Robin Williams also improv'd quite a bit of the in-studio segments of his radio personality character in "Good Morning VietNam"
R. Lee is the best drill instructor ever :D
Well done.
2:28 The best part of the movie
19 made me laugh so hard :D 
WHEN I FIRST HEARD PRIVATE RYANS STORY IT MADE ME LAUGH, THEN MADE ME FEEL SAD BECAUSE HIS BROTHERS JUST DIED....FUCK MATT DAMON IS A GR8T ACTOR!
Are you saying that about their profile picture? Because if so, I agree.
you mean...no guns = the guy with the gun cant be stopped until police get there (who take 3 years to actually shoot)...then there is switzerland. lowest crime rate and highest gun per citizen numbers.
This is greatness 
What the fuck?
What about Julia Roberts and Richard Gere in Pretty woman. It's the scene where they are going to the opera, she's wearing the red dress. It's the scene in the hotelroom when he presents her the necklase and shuts the box, that was improvised. You can tell because she's looking at a other direction (the set) when she laughs!
which is unethical, and impossible, and if the police and military have it then they will be the ones committing the crimes, plus no one having a way to defend themselves would just lead tons more crime in general like the UK banning most guns, now violent crime such as assault and rape is huge. and its ridiculously easy to make a gun anyway, so if there was no gun control laws at all the world would be a much safer place
if there are no guns to the public (only police military etc) and they make sure no one has a gun besides them makes it so that there is no gun crimes like I said before, not no crimes at all.
She farted in his sleep, he ran over his child.
#23 is too funny
i about fucking died on usual suspects
0:30
its sad to say that the joker killed him 
Omg Heath.... such a great actor he was.
Harry Lime (Orson Welles) speech in the ferris wheel scene of the third man? surely one of the best
How the fuck did this conversation start?
what about The Life of Brian?
Never knew that was from a movie. Should watch it. 
Marlon Brando as Colonel Kurtz
I thought the midnight cowboy scene was a result of not being able to secure filming rights so as to shut down the street to public traffic, they had to film it hoping nothing would go wrong, hence the taxi and the famous line
Titanic, DiCaprio gets handcuffed to the piping and gets left, and says "I'll just wait here!"
Anthony Hopkins got his Hsss from Doctor Who the little guy who played a worm villain.
no doubt
The answer is simple... Batman
John Goodman in Flight should be on here - check out "john goodman flight remix'' HILARIOUS!!!!
U should of added the dictator
If only more people thought like this, and they tried to tackle the roots of the problems this country has.
where is Adrian Cronauer? 
Love the Full Metal Jacket lines, brilliant film. 
Wow. Wonderful clip. My close friend was formerly a fat. He went from 293lbs of fat to 219lbs of massive muscle mass. Everybody was stunned. I just registered myself as I'm hoping to get bigger muscle mass. He used the Muscle Building Bible (Google it)...
The drill sergeant is a man named R. Lee Ermey and he was hire for that, his first role, specifically because he was an active duty marine gunnery sergeant. Now, of course, these guys in the military I'm sure practice this kind of thing (because they really say things like that, or they used to anyway), but that was all off-the-cuff. Just about everything he said in that film was unscripted, and it is right on the the money. It's very authentic.
Very cool.  Especially "Midnight Cowboy".﻿
WRONG!!!!!! The stop WAS scripted!!!!! Get your facts straight. Nice hat. Only problem with that hat is telling your parents you are gay.
why would he have to rehearse it a drill sergeant talks like that anyways.
That last one, rofl
I don't believe half of these. you mean they are filming a movie with 100 extras but the taxi is real for dustin hoffmans scene. come on... and the drill sargent. I mean come on. he must have rehearsed that before he said it. 
gimme the keys ya cocksucka..wha da fuuuuhh. LOVE THAT SCENE
how do you know its unscripted? the only one that i think was not scripted was number 17......lol number 17 had me rolling to.....
Kubrick knew how to pick amazing actors <3 
I can't help it, the last one was so good! I AM the kinda guy who would fuck a person in the ass and not even have the goddamn common courtesy to give him a reach around!
just turn them off..
just turn them off..
actually the explosion stopping was unscripted. it was supposed to blow all in one take but it didn't and that was their only shot. so heath worked with it and they continued filming
Different movie, actually. In warriors of virtue, everyone was a kangaroo, and the villain looked like Snape and sounded like the coco puff's bird
It was actually more funny than great. It's also not as good as all these other ones which you would think was in the script. The Jar of dirt one you get confused over since it doesn't make any sense.
That's R. Lee Ermey. He was a DI (SSgt and post enlistment a GySgt) in the Marines.
lol that's Knocked Up, not 40 year old virgin.
annotations are annoying the piss out of me. PLEASE YOUTUBE DELETE THAT SHIT
Yeah, R. Lee Ermey was a gunnery sergeant as well as a Drill instructor in the USMC.
In the Full Metal Jacket clip, I'm pretty sure that guy was an actual Drill Instructor in the USMC at one time, something I heard...
Warriors come out to play was from an old movie called warriors of virtue. The villain in that was a total ham 
warriors should have been higher
You guys should check out this EXTRAORDINARY website called FIREPA.COM . You can make money online and start working from home today as I am! I am making over $3,000+ per month at FIREPA.COM ! Visit FIREPA.COM and check it out! Lake . Wiggly . Overrated . Panicky . Chillaid . Troubled . Chevesic . Doggax . Burder . Singlewave . Voov . Ethosien . Tomash . Tupacase . Boaclick . Cut . Defas . Normal . Round . Drab . Eggmode
JERKING WITHOUT TOUCHING MY COCK
Actually, I believe the explosions stopping in the Dark Knight were not scripted. Ledger kept in character the entire time, and really was frightened when the building started exploding again. 
I love FMJ
Sgt Hartman could occupy all 25 places here haha. 
The joker one was scripted, but yeah, believe in stupid rumors, youre probably religious.
The explosion stopping in the Heath Ledger scene wasn't scripted. Something went wrong with the device. He was just that good of an actor that he saved the whole scene.
You guys should check out this EXTRAORDINARY website called MONEYGQ.COM . You can make money online and start working from home today as I am! I am making over $3,000+ per month at MONEYGQ.COM ! Visit MONEYGQ.COM and check it out! Lake . Oleald . Hioffpo . Hushed . Gusty . Hexteria . Voquev . Hoppler . Thirsty . Mushy . Special . Yeinydd . Interesting . Ekcle . Crestboot . Norrisology . Abortive . Mizule . Swooflia . Abject . Lazap
What about Captin Sparrow's "I've got a jar of dirt" That was completely improvised.
+1
what about the jar of dirt :/
Yep. # 1 is dead nut. No miss. Right on the money. Hole shot. No pun intended. Hah!
I agree with #1 that scene is great
I fully agree. Crime rates and crime type aren't an issue of tool used, but rather, socioeconomic and psychological factors that we don't fully understand yet. We have a right to bear arms in the 2nd amendment, which didn't have robberies in mind when it was created. Ultimately, mitigating crime and preventing it is best solved by tackling the issues that cause crime, not changing how they're committed.
i bet u could suck the chrome off a trailer henge !
bull shit i bet you could suck a golf ball through a garden hose!
Looks like the best part of you ran down the crack of your mamma's ass and ended up as a brown stain on the mattress, I think you've been cheated.
Very curious as to the source of the "unscripted" claims?
"I can't see a thing in this helmet" Star Wars IV Should be on this list
22 is not 40 yr old virgin
do you suck dicks i almost fainted epic
I thought the Joker one was that it wasn't supposed to stop and instead of ruining the entire scene, Heath tried to play it off...and it eventually exploded... :/
un true, chicage has some of the worst gun laws in the country, therefore good law abiding citizens are un armed, and cant carry firearms with them, but the criminals do, therefore chicago proves why we need guns.
you're welcome
And you came to this conclusion how? Do some research (NOT opinion pieces/journals/media but legitimate, scientific/peer reviewed sources) and you'll be surprised. There is in fact a negative correlation between legal gun ownership and crime rates.
I'm pretty sure Dustin meant every word..
if that was true Chicago would be a safe city without question
Nice compilation. Thanks.
Thanks for the 'reach-around': fuck, I'm laughing so hard I think my piles burst!
There are some much better unscripted scenes left out of this compilation. 
Where's "I got a jar of dirt!, And guess what's inside it!"?
You go to a gun laws debate video and people are arguing about grammar in the comments. You go to a video that has nothing to do with guns and people are arguing about gun laws. AH, 2013......
where is Arnold with the "stick around" scene??!?
hahahaha omg thats so fucking stupid :D
Awesome. Thanks for posting this!:)
It's a shame that so many domestic disputes end up in someone getting shot dead.......
Er... really? Search on Google for "Crime Statistics England and Wales" and you'll see graphs which suggest a steady decrease in crime rates since 2005. Our gun control laws are soon to get even stricter, and there is very little opposition to this.
I hope you dont possess a gun. You seem stupid enough to make it into the news by shooting yourself with it
Oh God yeah, seriously guys, this man is SO right, over here in merry ol' England you can't even go into the streets without people pulling guns on you!! Even the cops aren't armed so like, we have school shootings every day, and shopping malls get shot up!! It's like living in a warzone! WHY?!? WHY ARE GUNS ILLEGAL?!?!?
Oh God yeah, seriously guys, this man is SO right, over here in merry ol' England you can't even go into the streets without people pulling guns on you!! Even the cops aren't armed so like, we have school shootings every day, and shopping malls get shot up!! It's like living in a warzone! WHY?!? WHY ARE GUNS ILLEGAL?!?!?
proved how ignorant you are, gun laws dont effect criminals, criminals will always have guns, so disarming regular good people will make things worse, but if a lot more good peole had guns and things like full auto guns the world would be a better place, like switzerland where all males are issued a full auto rifle when they become an adult, which they keep at home, and they have one of the very lowest gun crime rates in the entire world.
you are very fucking retarded, if there are no guns there are no gun crimes, moron
See my vids & learn herb as maca,kale,dill,cayenne,coriander ETC
GIVE ME THE FUCKING KEYS YOU COCKSUCKING MOTHAFUCKAALAALALLALA
2:22 The "in English, please" was unscripted as well.
Don 't you look "dumb" hahahahahaha 
Actually there's plenty of data. Places like Britain have data on crime rates going up the when they took guns away
The are some correlations to support an argument for more gun owning citizens lowering crime, (more guns are owned in the country than in the city, and the country has less gun related crime) but both sides of the argument have too many variables that cannot be accurately accounted for. 
what about that seen in Indiana Jones were he shoots the guy with the sword? that was improvised, he was sick that day and didn't want to have a sword fight.
While crimes may be more likely to be committed via gun if guns are more available, more crimes will not necessarily be committed. There is evidence that a higher firearm owning civilian population can both raise and lower crime and homicides. All in all, the practicality in general should not be the argument, it should be the interpretation of the constitution.
The line about a reach around and much of the other dialog in that scene was in the novel, The Short Timers, that Full Metal Jacket was based on.
Why the best ( and Improvised ) scenes in movie history involves psychopaths!??! Just because there is great actors..... 
I like the joker scene at 1:10. WTF is wrong with this remote?!?! Heath Ledger was such a great actor!!
I was honestly surprised when "I've got a jar of dirt" wasn't played
Snakes..I hate Snakes!
Do you suck dicks?!
QUOTING A LINE FROM WHAT WEVE JUST SEEN IN CAPITALS 
You're right. The actual amount, or even availability, of firearms has absolutely no bearing on crime rates. There isn't any data anywhere that specifically confirms it. Firearms do change one thing, however, in that violent crimes are more likely to be committed with firearms if they're commonly available.
No. 22 is "Knocked Up", not "40 Year Old Virgin".
Um,Hi O_o
Well done you've discovered the ability to copy out what somebody says
"Raiders of the Lost Ark," the scene where Indy shoots the swordsman was unscripted. Harrison Ford was sick, and it was originally supposed to be a longer fight. Ford asked director Steven Spielberg, "can't I just shoot this guy?" Spielberg loved it, so they filmed it. Classic scene, totally improvised.
Dumbest thing I have heard today. There is no correlation between an abundance of weaponry and lower crime rates.
someone who is so fearful of those around him that he must carry a deadly weapon is not free... in my experience. everyone is entitled to their own opinion.
They Saved The Best For Last LOL,I Have Never Seen This Movie But I've Seen Many Pictures Of The Drill Sgt.
Bullshit. Improvisation in key scenes is far less likely than you imagine. Do you really think directors just let actors wander off page and do their own thing?
Blade Runner should've been #1
A man chooses, a slave obeys.
#2 That explains ASFJerome
Omg too funny
thats so kvlt
there is only one person realy with a bad intention and the ABLE PEOPLE are not insane ...so the one insane person with 10 SANE guys witha gun to his head ...he will never rob a bank cause every citizen has a NONO LEASH .....do not ROB you will be taught by your local neighborhood who knows best how to defend themselves some black and white ...and its a statistical fact more and more people are becoming volytarianist and non aggression principle advocates
Mon Dieu ! I can walk!
No, that would actually be Keanu Reeves.
FULL METAL JACKET -----
Sssssssss lol hannibal ftw.. the warriors too
Not even Nick is worst than Kristen Stewart or Tommy Wiseau.
More like Matt Demon
Thats a lie and you know it, the worst actor is Nick Cage
1. "Like tears in the rain..." The poetic line proves everyone underestimated Rutger Hauer
HOW TALL ARE YOU PRIVATE? ... WOW I DIDNT KNOW THEY STACKED SHIT THAT HIGH
Yes, these are all Improved lines, but are they really the 25 greatest? Most of the scenes were only kind of memorable. Some I had forgotten about til I saw them on the list. 
Johnny Depp in Pirates of the Carribean: I'VE GOT A JAR OF DIRT!!!!!!!!!!
Did anyone realise that the improvisors were all male?
Django Unchained came out over a year after this video was uploaded
fuck Matt Damon. worst actor ever
Game over!
That Blade Runner one is inaccurate because I watched an interview with Rutger Hauer and he said that he did that whole scene ending right off the top of his head... and if I'm not mistaken, even the pigeon wasn't apart of the script either... -.-
you proved how stupid you can be. the right to be armed is the right of any free man. and should not have to be written in a constitution, and the fact of the matter is the only mass shootings and major gun crime anywhere in the whole world are in gun free places. such as shopping malls and schools and movie theatres here in the states, no one goes and shoots up a diner in a small texas down where everyones armed. more guns = less crime and that is a statistical fact, an armed man is a free man
you proved how stupid you can be. the right to be armed is the right of any free man. and should not have to be written in a constitution, and the fact of the matter is the only mass shootings and major gun crime anywhere in the whole world are in gun free places. such as shopping malls and schools and movie theatres here in the states, no one goes and shoots up a diner in a small texas down where everyones armed. more guns = less crime and that is a statistical fact, an armed man is a free man
it was, it was a pyro malfunction, and heath ledger just kept acting and it turned out ot be one of the best scenes in the film IMO
I thought the stopping of the explosion in The Dark Knight was unscripted?
best one is in django where leanardo cuts his hand 
your constitution was amended to give a right to bare arms as you'd just come out of a bloody war of independence with England - given your citizens are not at war anymore, the right to bare arms does little more than arm the weirdos that shoot up a high school.
you missed "I've got a jar of dirt" from pirates of the Caribbean. except I don't know if it was out before this was made
You guys should check out this EXTRAORDINARY website called MONEYGQ.COM . You can make money online and start working from home today as I am! I am making over $3,000+ per month at MONEYGQ.COM ! Visit MONEYGQ.COM and check it out! Error Hearing Hoppler Structure Waste Yammoe Stretch Looplab Sevit Fapster Attempt Country Water Modeflick Surogou Design Nedril Pricenano Bumola Turn
r lee ermey the best one for sure lol
I think the best unscripted scene would be the part from scream when Billy's actor accidentally throws the phone at stu's actor and he is like YOU FUCKING HIT ME WITH THE PHONE DICK!
you forgot the one scene from Breakfast Club...dur.
What about the entirety of Napoleon Dynamite?
bueno los videos
(i was really there) He gave the example in the men bathroom and the director was in the poop station when he saw R. Lee Ermey at the urinal. 
No he didn't . He was the technical; advisor for the movie and gave the actor an example and impressed the director so much he gave him the role right on the spot. (I was there)
There were several great scenes from Full Metal Jacket with Ermey.
At #24 Caddyshack. Bill Murray had no scripted parts at all. He was just told to improvise. So that's something to keep in mind
Not really saying this isn't true, but the "not pausing or repeating himself" is how stories get stretched over time.. This is the man himself explaining how he got the part.. w ww.you tube.com/watch?v=N5zZvl_UWQo 
I was in the Air Force in tech school before I ever actually saw this movie and a lot of the lines in this movie were commonly used by the Drill Sergents for real. I don't know if it is true but I herd one of the requirements someone had to do before you could become a Drill Instructor was watch this movie.
22. "Knocked Up" Not "40 year old virgin"
You're gonna need a bigger boat should be at least top 10
BULLSHIT I BET YOU COULD SUCK A GOLF BALL THROUGH A GARDEN HOSE!
BULL SHIT I BET YOU COULD SUCK A GOLF BALL THRO A GARDEN HOSE!
Did you just
what 'bout the scene with ledger's joker. when he's captured on police station and starts to clap? that was also unscripted and soo well played cuz it seemed so evil.
I BET YOU'RE THE KIND OF GUY WHO WOULD FUCK A GUY IN THE ASS AND NOT EVEN HAVE THE COMMON GODDAMN COURTESY TO GIVE HIM A REACH AROUND! I'LL BE WATCHING YOU!
Too bad you aren't allowed to own weapons to defend yourselves...
And by the way, just because a line is "unscripted" doesn't mean it was "improvised" by the actor, the director will create the lines and direct the actor to say them...that's what a director does.
B R A Z I L
thanks for sharing
Not impressed, most of the supposed "unscripted" lines didn't require any talent to think up.
how you know that a scene is unscript? Just look at the background actors.. they always grin or smile! :D
Number 22 is not 40 Year Old Virgin. It's a deleted scene from Knocked Up.
R. Lee Ermey FTW
So cool, I like it, thank you for this video :)
im from the UK and no. 4 actually became a real problem for a spell. mugs would break into flats, give a good beating to the men and fuck there birds. thank god that fad is over.
Show some common courtesy private. Damn
"farting wife" sounds like my father The "warriors" guy sounded high
You guys should check out this EXTRAORDINARY website called MONEYGQ.COM . You can make money online and start working from home today as I am! I am making over $3,000+ per month at MONEYGQ.COM ! Visit MONEYGQ.COM and check it out! The grass enlightens the decision. When does the efficient balance attract the form? When does the fine place direct the direction?
You guys should check out this EXTRAORDINARY website called MONEYGQ.COM . You can make money online and start working from home today as I am! I am making over $3,000+ per month at MONEYGQ.COM ! Visit MONEYGQ.COM and check it out! The owner projects the judicious purpose. When does the fierce top read the profit? How does the comfort allocate the alike shock?
BULLSHIT, I BET YOU COULD SUCK A GOLF BALL THROUGH A GARDEN HOSE.
my thoughts exactly
Why not the glove scene from 'On the Waterfront'?
Dont believe all of them.
Evidently Mew Lists has cockroach droppings for brains...
oh and the bar scene in good fellas..the what makes me so funny? Pesi seen 
I read somewhere that the 'because she's got a great ass!!' that pacino yelled to Hank Azaria in Heat was improvised also.You can see the wtf is he doing look on his face when he was yelling.
WHAT? Your gonna make unscripted scenes and not show the Indiana Jones scene were he just shoots the guy in black robes?
No good morning vietnam? 
But the more you hate me, the more you will learn. I am hard but I am fair. There is no racial bigotry here. I do not look down on niggers, kikes, wops or greasers. Here you are all equally worthless. And my orders are to weed out all non-hackers who do not pack the gear to serve in my beloved Corps. Do you maggots understand that? 
If you ladies leave my island, if you survive recruit training, you will be a weapon. You will be a minister of death praying for war. But until that day you are pukes. You are the lowest form of life on Earth. You are not even human fucking beings. You are nothing but unorganized grabastic pieces of amphibian shit! Because I am hard, you will not like me
If you ladies leave my island, if you survive recruit training, you will be a weapon. You will be a minister of death praying for war. But until that day you are pukes. You are the lowest form of life on Earth. You are not even human fucking beings. You are nothing but unorganized grabastic pieces of amphibian shit! Because I am hard, you will not like me
BULLSHIT! I BET YOU COULD SUCK A GOLF BALL THROUGH A GARDEN HOSE!!
You should add another Joker/Heath moment - when he starts clapping in the cell when it's announced that Gordon is now Commissioner. The clapping was all Heath - nobody told him to do it.
I think he does suck! Blah! CATZ CLAW!!!
"DO YOU SUCK DICK?" "SIR NO SIR!"
ARE YOU A PETER PUPPER?
R. Lee Ermey got his part by sending in a video audition. He went all out as you see in the movie for 30 mins straight without pausing or repeating himself once. This my friends is what is technically known as a "BOSS"
Maybe it's not considered one of 'the greatest' unscripted scenes, but in the first film to contain recorded talking dialogue, "the Jazz Singer", all of the talking dialogue was unscripted; he was just supposed to sing the song, and that's it.
SIR NO SIR!
'You'd best sound off that you love the Virgin Mary, or I'm going to stomp your guts out! Now, you do love the Virgin Mary Don't you?
Stanley Kubrick movies: masters of unscripted scenes
"Emery was intended to be only the technical advisor. Kubrick changed his mind after Ermey put together an instructional tape, in which Ermey went on an extended hair-raising drill instructor tirade towards several extras, convincing Kubrick he was the right person for the role" wiki
I'LL BET YOUR THE KIND OF GUY THAT WOULD FUCK A PERSON IN THE ASS AND NOT EVEN HAVE THE GOD DAMN COMMON COURTESY TO GIVE HIM A REACH AROUND! I'LL BE WATCHING YOU!
damn Heath Ledger looked so cute with that joker face and nurses uniform. adorable.
that scene where Dustin Hoffman goes "i'm walkin here!" he handled that amazingly well =)
I personally really like the "driving scenes" in Zombieland, the four actors supposedly improvised all the dialogue for those.
You guys should check out this EXTRAORDINARY website called ZONEPA.COM . You can make money online and start working from home today as I am! I am making over $3,000+ per month at ZONEPA.COM ! Visit Zonepa.com and check it out! When does the drink forward the probable request? The way drafts the redundant trouble. Why does the used purpose mechanize the degree?
They missed a great unscripted scene. Raiders of the Last Ark when Indiana shoots the swordsman. Harrison Ford actually has a case of the runs and wants to hurry up filming. So he persuades Spielberg to just let him shoot the swordsman to get the shooting over with. 
SIR NO SIR!
How is the Neo/Trinity scene not scripted?
Do you suck dick? No, sir! Bullshit, I bet you could suck a golf ball through a watering hose! 
You guys should check out this EXTRAORDINARY website called ZONEPA.COM . You can make money online and start working from home today as I am! I am making over $3,000+ per month at ZONEPA.COM ! Visit Zonepa.com and check it out! The serious sister authorizes the blood. How does the tawdry curve generate the direction? When does the necessary weather methodize the thing?
yahaaa cool, the toilet paper scene, movie's name in German was "Auf dem Highway ist die Hölle los" :)
I was unaware that 25 was unscripted but it doesn't really surprise me. Lee Ermey retired from the US Marine Corps a Gunnery Sergeant as well as spending 2 of his 11 year career as a Drill Instructor at both Paris Island, South Carolina and Camp Pendleton, San Diego, California. His other references to Vietnam in the movie are probably drawn from his 14 month tour in 1968.
MATT DAAAAMOOON
You can get yourself two or three dozen of those scenes every day for 16 weeks, and even get paid for it. Just join the Marine Corps! 
the taxi scene is the best
The Speech that Corey Feldman gave on License to Drive about the freedom of a license as well as when John Candy talks about his son being left alone at a Funeral parlor, on Home Alone 1, were both unscripted.
Anyone recall a small town sheriff by the name of Buford T. Justice?
You guys should check out this EXTRAORDINARY website called ZONEPA.COM . You can make money online and start working from home today as I am! I am making over $3,000+ per month at ZONEPA.COM ! Visit Zonepa.com and check it out! The wave edits the death. The stingy trade focuss the connection. The comfort aligns the brown son.
I am a decent and courteous person and I give reach-arounds.
He did improvise it. It was setup, but unscripted. The delay was not put to a specific time so that he could not come up with a script himself either. Meaning he had to do improv on the set in the shot. You may say it's not a smart move. But it was a risk they were willing to take with an actor like Heath.
Full metal jacket!!!
I watched 40 minutes worth of explanation, interviews and video explaining how the film was made. You can find it online pretty easily, and they explicitly say it was thought out beforehand. I mean, Heath is a great actor, but that's a 1 shot thing. Once it's started, you can't redo it. Not a great place to improvise.
Like u know that... 
Actually, hate to say it, but Heath Ledger didn't improvise that scene.
Well... that was sure profound 
3:09 the best story ever I LOVE 'Saving Private Ryan" <--- movie name
Great video.!
SIR NO SIR!
Cool mashup.  Would have never know, just great acting.﻿
I love Jeff Daniels face at 0:31 trying not to bust out laughing
everything that sarge said was fucking hilarious :)
XXX
Lies I don't believe u
Ugh, that drives me nuts because that joke was unscripted and I always wanted to know the end. Found out later there was no ending! 
Louis Gossett Jr. did the "steers and queers" line 5 years earlier in "An Officer and a Gentleman." And my guess is that even then his wasn't original.
That drill instructor sure did a nice job in that movie, one of my favorites!
5:08....lmfaooooooooo that dude literally slapped da taste out dat bitch!!!!
only steers and queers come from Texas! lol
only steers and queers come from Texas! lol
Oh the sadness of the reacharound that was not to be 
16 was the warriors they have a game and movie of it
The warriors is the best
That font sucks :\ but awesome video.
what the fuck was 16?
Death of Vito Corleone.
I LOVE the last scene!
the explosion from the dark knight should have been higher on the list
Great scenes, but a lot of them weren't improvised. The "tears in the rain" line wasn't in the first draft of the script, but it was rewritten into it at Hauer's suggestion before they shot the scene.
when the "tears in the rain" clip started... goosebumps in a split-second ! This scene is just perfect in so many ways.
On another note Delta is trained to completely blend in with the population that the operation is centered around, not to mention to make use of absolutely everything, I once heard of a Delta unit that was dropped into the forest with nothing but blue jeans, budweiser t-shirts, and pocket knives who managed to take an airport back from fully armed hostiles. 
Generally considered the best by who? The media? Because 90% of Delta or even SEAL operations are completely confidential, the only time you hear of something they have done is when it is deemed acceptable to share such information. SaS started out as a harassment unit that would cause as much hell on enemy air bases as possible, they have only adapted to being SF while Delta was born of it.
*scene
It's clear we are not going to come to a conclusion where we are both happy.
gj ! missed the big lebovsky
I can't believe they left out the scene of apocalypse now where sheen punches the mirror and covers himself in his own blood. It was completely unscripted, he was actually completely hammered because it was his birthday, and it was his own blood. After the scene was done being shot, he had a heart attack.
Number 22 is not 40 year old virgin, the mocie is called knocked up
I got one lol Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets. Lucius Malfoy: Well lets hope that Mr Potter will always be around to save the day Harry Potter: Dont worry i will be Jason's (malfoys) said he wanted to leave that seen saying something cool so he did not telling Dan and Dan just looking up at him and spoke. ^
#1 how did they not just laugh to death right there lol!
i love the last one hahaha
I knew the Drill Instructor from Full Metal jacket improvised all that dialog. it was TOO good.
Seriously! So many quotables...
Delta still didnt have a successful mission though :)
The SAS is generally considered the best. Delta is a close second in most lists. After that, there's a pretty big list of possible groups from all over the world. It's not about the equipment at all - if you want a real good special forces operative, that guy needs to be able to use whatever gear he/she can scrounge together. The gear is just tools, the training is what matters. Try doing a google search on best special forces..
I was surprised Indiana Jones and Pretty woman werent on the ist 
FMJ has got to be the greatest ever. such an amazing scene
2:18 xD
The keys!!
Ummmm 22 isn't 40 year old idiot its knocked up nice
i love that full metal jacket is first. Ya know, he was actually given the roll because he was trying to teach actors to scream like a drill sergeant, and it was decided he was so good they'd just put him in instead
Cool video, but when I worked as an extra in, "Fight Club," during the parking lot fight scene, right at the end of a take, another extra, kidding around during the regular boredom, asked, "Can I be next?" Within minutes, after a conference with the director, he got to say one of the top 20 coolest unscripted lines in film history, (which got him his SAG card) AND a got recurring spot in future scenes!
Where is the indiana jones where he was supose to kill the guy with his wip but he pulls out the gun?!?
THAT is the movie I was thinking of! Torrenting now...Thanks! That movie brings back old memories.
2:22 the best!!!
How do they know these were unscripted, huh?
hand me the keys ya cock suka wattafuuck
the movie for the last one is awesome!
Who says...you? Because if you say so right? Giving credit where it's owed the SAS is great, but considering the funding and ability to have things the SAS will never have I have to look at the fact that that the best trained people don't come from underfunded programs. You have to see the logic of this. 
It's really not until you see a video like this that you realise what an amazing job some of these actors do. 
22 is from knocked up, not 40 year old virgin...
So good selection, I would love a version with longer cuts where we can see the whole scenes!
mordecai, put your phone away. mordecai put your phone away. MORDECAI PUT YOUR PHONE AWAY.
22 isn't 40 year old virgin
DAMMIT! The weird side of YouTube has found me again!
full metal jacket. hands down.
how the fuck was the breakfast club not on this list?
what about the animal house scene where he fucked up the guitar
im surprised the "I got a jar of dirt" scene is not in this....that was awesome
The recruiting of metal jacks is just hilarious , i love it that it was all unscripted
The recruiting of metal jacks is just hilarious , i love it that it was all unscripted
i got a jar of dirt!
you would not even give him the common courtosy to give him a reacharound you cock sucker motherfucker 
The SAS are the worlds leading special force...
i don't think an extra word or two constitutes an entire scene to be considered unscripted but whatever
i got a jar of dirt!
Great list bud
Soo you're saying Al Pacino was killed... 
I believe so, my apologies.
Are you replying to the wrong person by mistake? What does this have to do with my comment?
While I do disagree with the level of greatness of some of them, some of these are legitimately the greatest, I mean, while they may not know where it's from, nearly everybody has, at some point, the 'Game Over' line, or the 'Here's Johnny' line
I'm also rather surprised that the scene from A Clockwork Orange was unscripted as well.
It was knocked up but the line was from 40 year old virgin... kind of confusing lol
pretty cool
Wait that's scene in full metal jacket wasn't scriped ?
No a group of thugs broke into the set trying to kill Al Pacino (They all had guns) and Al Pacino grabbed the gun which had real bullets for fun, trying to defend the set
That wasn't 40 year old virgin. It was from Knocked Up.
You missed out "the "Railway Children" and the "that's my Daddy" line
What about John Cazale and Al Pacino from dog day afternoon?
Google 1, Knowing shit without it 0
In that case you should probably also look up "retard" I think you might be one.
The UK is not bad, the ARMY SF is modeled after the SAS. But the UK has not the money to train like the US, nor do they have the gear. I like the UK, im just being practical.
What about Ron Burgundy's San Diego speech? I'm pretty sure that was made up on the fly.
It's hard as fuck to tell truth from bullshit WHEN YOU CAN'T HEAR A FUCKING VOICE!
Apparently you should buy a dictionary and learn what "sarcasm" means. 
i highly doubt that, because real bullets aren't used in movies, so if "real thugs" broke into the set, everyone would've died.
the "Singing in the rain" part is in the book of Burgess, it's not an improvisation
you know that how? 
these are all scripted 
Any proofs?
Isn't this more, unscripted lines in films?
No Indiana Jones with the Cairo Swordsman? Still a great list. 
Actually, ALL of the 'It's in the hole' scene of Bill Murray in Caddyshack was improvised...not just the line.
I'm as serious as The Joker
Imagine how much brainwashing it would take to convince the Japanese to flood Japan with NON-Japanese until they themselves become a minority To convince them to force affirmative action AGAINST THEMSELVES with all those NON-Japanese That this “diversity” is a strength And to convince them that it would be “racist” to NOT do this to themselves No need convincing WHITE anti-whites of this in EVERY white country, they’re already convinced Anti-Racist is a code for Anti-White /watch?v=203-BKE5MgU
the farting wife scene from Good Will Hunting is gorgeous.
This. The Gunny is the shit.
1454 people didn't get a reacharound
R. Lee Ermey is one of the coolest actors ever. 
What about Jurassic park? The glass on the jeep was not supposed to break when the T-Rex hit it. The kids screaming was genuine.
"I'll be watchin you!!" lol
most people would gracie.
What about Mall Rats? That movie had no script at all....
you totally forgot the whole, you get nothing sequence in the original willy wonka 
Like Tears in rain is one of the most beautiful scenes and lines in any movie ever. 
Funny how so many of those improvised lines were the single most iconic lines in the movie. 
WHOAAAO so thats where Tears in Rain by StanSB came from, EPIC
Yep, something else was going to give away his identity but after the first SITR scene was shot, it was added into the plot again. I can't believe Alex was stupid enough to sing it though.
I'd like a reach around.
I'd like a reach around.
Really can't see what's so great about the caddyshack scene. It's ok but among the greatest of all time I dunno 
Really? SITR is hugely important in Alex's(may have the name wrong, been a while) downfall.
what was unscripted about that?
It was unscripted, the Singing in Rain thing was added in later
You serious?
You don't say?
aw what about in the first Alien when the chest burster popped out of the guys chest for the first time while they were eating dinner? Yeah the alien coming out of his chest was scripted, but iirc they never told the other actors and just had them improvise.
No it wasn't. A fight scene takes weeks of preparation and choreography.
Completely untrue.
Are you sure about the Clockwork Orange one? Singing In The Rain plays a HUGE role in the plot.
The ending of Scarface was unscripted, Tony wasn't actually meant to be killed, a group of thugs broke into the set and started shooting at Al Pacino, he defended the set until that last guy killed him, it was so good the director decided to keep it for the movie
This was awesome. Thanks.
I know this video came before it, but the fight scene atop the train in Skyfall.
"Tears in the rain" was improvised, really? That's good stuff. 
That's because R. Lee Ermey WAS a real Marine Corps Drill Instructor long before he started doing film, starting with his role as a DI in "The Boys in Company C". It wasn't hard to improvise something he knew by heart. Kubrick actually had Ermey on set of FMJ just as an advisor, but he was so good at it that Kubrick gave him full reign to improvise his own dialog, and as you said, it made the movie a classic. Personally, I loved him in "Siege of Firebase Gloria".
soundtrack in the beginning please?
That was a lot of fun to watch.
I had no idea that so many iconic movie moments were unscripted.  It really shows the actor is much more than just the lines he reads.25 Greatest Unscripted Scenes in Films﻿
What about in animal house where John Belushi slammed the guitar on the wall
Yep. The fancy whip stuff turned into the unscripted comedic moment with a bang!
I just saw the game over man part in aliens
drill instructor.* GySGT Ermey*
Are you talking about when Harrison ford was supposed to do the fight scene but was too sick to do it so he just shot the guy? 
"I BET YOU THE KINDA GUY THAT WOULD FUCK A PERSON IN THE ASS AND NOT HAVE THE GODDAMN COURTESY TO GIVEM' A REACH-AROUND". My all time favorite line.
I definitely thought goodfellas and the breakfast club should've been on their
the original chest burster scene from alien was completely unscripted. the only ones who knew what were going on where the actor playing kain and the director. before the shoot he told everyone 'ok, whatever you do, dont break character until i yell cut.'
"..like tears in the rain" is a great unscripted line from Rutgar Hauer in Blade Runner.
FMJ was very well done, I can't believe neither of the actors even gave a smile.
Man I was sooo expecting G-man's voice at the scene of blade runner, "time, Mr. Freeman....?"
FMJ is indeed epic knowing that Mr Emery is an instructor himself in the academy.
Hamburger Hill was the second best Vietnam film ever made, # 1 was Platoon. 
And the story goes that poor Stanley Kubric actually had to ask him what he meant by "reach around". When it was explained to him, he burst out laughing and it became one of his favourite lines in the movie.
Lee Harvey Emery is the best thing ever. I miss mail call...
HOLY SHIT, damn near all my favorite movies had iconic unscripted scenes...definitely just respected a lot of those actors even more now
he was an actual drill sergant in real life.
It pains me to see where Deniro's career has fallen, he's making dumb ass comedies and it pisses me the fuck off, Pacino and him just need to hang it up
omg the "you talkin to me?" scene wasn't scripted? I love DiNiro
You seem like the kind of person who would fuck a person in the ass and not even have the god damn common courtesy to give him a reach around.
What about I hot a jar of dirt
Ugh... Sick and tired of seeing comment sections turn into a pissing match about America and how someone likes/dislikes it. For fucks sake keep all biased and uninformed opinions to yourselves.
Generally... it's labeled in the commentary of films.
You Brits always talk shit then accuse us of it 
I loved the ear scene in Reservoir Dogs 
China invaded by a smaller less populated island England needed our help in two world wars Korea is two countries moron. Not one of those countries could beat us in a war asshole
Thank fuck you got The Dark Knight story correct, I'm sick of the comments on the actual clip making shit up about the explosion whoring for likes -.-
The American Civil War, obviously.
Ermey has claimed that he came up the dialogue in the drill sergeant scene, but most of the best lines come straight from the novella, The Short-Timers, that FMJ is based off of.
3:06 so awkward...shut up... shut up... shut up..!
your handwriting text is illegible 
your handwriting text is illegible 
How can you know that scene is unscripted? Did they announce that?
What about the scene from the Breakfast Club where they all explained why they were there in the first place?
your record?!?!?!?!?!? lol. I would put the British, Russians, Australians, Germans, Israelis, Chinese, Japanese and Koreans above US just for a start. The last war you won was with nukes ... even then most of the work was done by the Russians and Europeans first. In fact I cannot recall one war you have fought on your own!
The 'Full Metal Jacket' scene was actually plagiarized from 'The Boys In Company C' 1978 almost a full decade earlier. The sadistic drill sergeant was even played by the same actor, R. Lee Ermey. 
The Shinning? Someone's been watching too much Simpsons.
yep he was in the marine corps and he served in Vietnam 
Nope, haven't trained in the US military, I'm basing my opinion of what I've read and heard. If I got the chance to, I'd take it, just to learn more. I have no idea who has the best trained troops in the world, but from training excercises alone, I wouldn't put the US on that spot. I am not saying the US military is shit.
R Lee Ermey, wasn't he in the military then became an actor?
imagine that an actor actually thinking for himself ...They should bea ble to make up their own stuff for at least 5 minutes ,half of a line does not make them a fucking genius
R Lee Ermey...what a legend! Reminds me of an old teacher I had at school
Bladerunner was best line 
I can't stand Matt Damon..
caption is missing
you just say 1 more thing , that doens't count as everything. and frankly of this list that's the worst impro or at least the most overated
What about Raiders of the Lost Ark?
gandolf hitting his head in bilbo house in the first lotr should have been on herte it looked so scriped
I dropped my gun trying to copy the 17th lol...
hollywood, the sewerpipe filling your tv with toxic waste
Will you go to heaven? Have you thought about it? We all are sinners and deserve to go to hell just look at 10 commandments. God is just judge and he will not let you without punishment. But 2000 years ago he gave you a way to be saved. He became a man (Jesus) and died on cross for your sins. You don’t deserve to go to heaven, but he loves you so much that he died for your freedom. He can give you eternal life. Just ask him to save you. God bless youtube.com/watch?v=l_cFhj703G8 
Agreed.
The drill sergeant made FMJ. The second half of the movie was good, but the first half was a classic because of Mr. Emery.
I comfortably earn over 3500 usd every month just by responding to easy online surveys at home. This site shows precisely how EARN88.COM She reached inside the wide ruffle and pulled out a little vial. “Poison?” asked Lady Maccon, tilting her head to one side. “Certainly not. Something far more important: perfume
Britain? obviously not in such large numbers but when it comes done to it they know what to do.
but the slow clap in the jail scene wasn't
Best trained Military in the world, I believe just saying it amounts to nothing so I will point out our score card. Now, show me another nation in the last 100 years with a better battle proven track record as well individual troop that can preform given tasks. 
Brown? Are you racist? Color of skin has nothing to do with being a terrorist. As far was obsolete weaponry my fellow Vets that are missing limbs at the VA will contest they still work, for the rest you will have to visit Arlington. P.S. Vietnam? Military wise they lost, and lost bad, the kill ratio was something of 180 to 1 in favor of the US, that's for every 1 US troop 180 of them died. The real people who lost was the people of Vietnam, unless Communism is better then freedom? 
Same, and I hate how they have to push all the stupid powder down the barrel and those stupid round bullets down after every shot. You do realize no one's done the whole screaming at boot camp thing for decades now right?
Save that for a discussion topic on your forums.
lol that is so bs goodman
Israel has better trained troops than we do. They've been in constant war for many decades. They have a better record than we do. However, the dude you were replying to had his head up his ass. So you definitely had a point. 
Actually thats not true. It was rehersed 12 times. Thats just an Internet legend. If you type in on youtube: The Dark Knight : Hospital Explosion and watch the video uploaded by trailerhunters, you´ll see.
da fuq
Actually, that is a myth. They went through it exactly as such 12 times before shooting and everything was 100% to the plan, zero improv.
American troops are far from the best trained, they have several allies who have more deaths from american fire then enemy fire so that right there is your record does prove enough. 
Because you've been trained in the US military and are familiar with the way it works to a tee right? And please, do explain who has the best trained troops in the world. I mean shit, our record should prove enough.
top lel
Honestly, I've never understood, or been a fan of the way the US military train their troops. And for the love of god, don't reply back with "we got ze best trained troopz in ze world!" <- Because that is an outright lie.
2:00 is the best one lel
And not even have the common courtesy to give him a reach-around!
i'm afraid he does XD
This video has got scenes that have nothing to do with bloopers. 
Turn on captions xD
Great scenes!﻿
It was Heath Ledger.
since when?
That was heath ledger
ALL HAIL THE GUNNY!!!
What about the Jack Nicholson/Leonardo DiCaprio bar scene in the Departed
Wait are you saying that the joker was played by Johnny Depp?
Wait are you saying that the joker was played by Johnny Depp?
cept that was johnny depp 
That was due to the fact that most of the crew and actors had Dysentery. They shot that scene as quickly as possible, so everyone could return to their favorite shithole
tell me moar
You forgot Andy Robinson in Dirty Harry, when he gets Harry to drop his gun he says " My, that's a big one" totally unscripted.
When I first watched Saving Private Ryan that scene made me uncomfortable watching it. Then I found it was ad-libbed, poorly I felt, and now some are claiming it to be a great cinematic moment. Seemed very forced and un-natural to me I felt embarrassed for him.
the real unscripted scene is Qunit talking about the USS Indianapolis. Shaw made all of that up on his own.
you climb obstacle like old people fuck you know that private pyle.
I LOVE YOU fuck off
Kocksuka mothafukaaa
My favourite here? Blade Runner, awesome Cinematography, superb acting, fantastic Vangelis score, really, really special film.
In the Avengers when Iron Man offered Dr Banner a blueberry, that was not scripted as food was hidden in the scene because Robert kept getting hungry
That's an urban myth, the explosion delay was scripted. Check IMDB. 
The bad guy in The Warriors has to be one of the most obnoxious human beings alive...
The Star Wars one they were having lots of trouble coming up with what Ford should say, such as saying "I love you" back just didn't fit his character and after a couple takes they just told him to say what he felt was right, and that's when he came up with "I know"
Game over wasn't scripted?!
It isn't really too well known, but there's a damn good one in Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets. Jason Isaacs improvised a line in Dumbledores office, and no one told Daniel Radcliffe. The directors wanted to see how the 12 year old would react. The line was "Well let us hope Mr. Potter will always be around to save the day." His reaction: "Don't worry. I will be." Brilliant for anyone, let alone a 12-year old.
I am very disappointed with this not having the indiana jones scene where he shoots the guy whosse spinning the swords around
actually the dark knight one was all unscripted the delay in the explosion heath's actions, everything
BULLSHIT I BET YOU CAN SUCK A GOLF BALL THROUGH A GARDEN HOSE
That last one was awesome
i suck chicken
Do you suck dicks..?
3:44 He should have said "Nice hearing from you" hahaha :D
2:00 LOL
Good Stuff!
I liked the unscripted bits.
Great list!
i never said i liked the movie i think it sould be in there
What about that speech by Cyrus in the beginning that pretty much every techno DJ and rap group has sampled at one point or another? Can you dig it, sucka? /watch?v=nbWgsDSMQkU
That might be called a blooper. It was unscripted, true, but it wasn't intentional. It wasn't ad-libbed dialogue and acting.
I didn't mock his "point of view." He is free to like whatever faggy movies he pleases. But, seriously, those Disney pirate movies - you know, the ones based on an amusement park ride - are hardcore faggotry.
people dont listen to people who mock their point of view, there. take that as me doing you a favour.
I wasn't being a dick to that guy. I was doing him a favor. He'll thank me for it later.
dude stop being a dick to people who dont deserve it and go stick your keyboard up your ass. opinionated prick
Those Johnny Depp pirate movies are fucking gay.
"Tears in the rain" is 100% faggotry. Only a gay malfunctioning robot would say such cliched tripe.
I refuse to believe that story. I think Spike was punking everyone with nonsense. It was so perfect it had to be scripted.
What about Jack Sparrow saying `I got a jar of dirt
Not surprising that the drill instructor bits were improv. He was an actual drill instructor prior to his film career so he had plenty of practice.
The extra in question was drunk and the director liked the scene so much he kept it in. The extra did get a bonus as he had a spoken line in the film so his pay package was upgraded.
what about the.star wars scene where the trooper hit his head
There needs to be more lists like this!
23 Killed me when i tried watching it for the 1st time
blade runner scene touches me the most. it's like everyone's final thoughts no matter what they had experienced that only they will know what has happened to them and what was so beautiful that its something that will never be truly be ever captured again. life is beauty. life is grasping into it. so much is lost just being taken for granted.
Also not coincidentally 25 of the best scenes ever. That is why I think i liked "Curb Your Enthusiasm" very little was scripted, if any. They had a main subject and certain points to cover, but they improvised the rest. Actors can seem the most natural and genuine when improvising, because in a way they are, if they are not following a script. But many of the characters on Curb Your Enthusiasm were playing themselves.
That extra who threw the can in the first scene, either had some balls, or didn't seem too concerned with getting paid or doing it again. But probably ended up getting a bonus :) You must be a major Film Buff, to know these are unscripted. I don't like analyzing movies too closely, because then they lose some of their... magic. once you know how a magic trick works, the fun is over. Half the fun is being fooled, the other half is figuring it out. but after that is no longer fun except to others.
how do you know? I guess you used google and assume the truth is on the search results.
The beer can in Being John Malkovich was definitely scripted. Malkovich comments on it in an interview.
... I know.
... I know.
I know that vine, he doesn't own the line, and stop trolling
22 is knocked up dumbass
Some of those were better than the script.
Tears in the rain is one of my top moments in film. Such a beautiful and wrenching scene and superbly shot and executed. 
Were all these fantastic lines trully unscripted? Does anyone know for certain?
While his lines might have been unscripted in the movie, R Lee Ermy was indeed a drill instructor while in the Marine Corp and thus I am quite sure it was not the first time he had ever made those comments. Great lines just not as impressively improvised as some of the others.
im not a moron... go on to YouTube and search: here's johnny vine by burnham.... tada!!!!!!! that how its stealing...
How the hell did the sence from east of eden when James Deans character Cal crys in his dads arms then runs out the house not make it in this? Fucking bull shit.
No, it's 40 Year Old Virgin.
Where is Yoda acting like a baby in The Empire Strikes Back, I ask (T_T)
The explosion as well as the pause before the final 'big' explosion was all scripted. What wasn't scripted was Heath Ledger's reaction to that pause. Watch 'The Dark Knight : Hospital explosion' on youtube and you'll see. It is definitely a memorable moment from the film. RIP Heath Ledger.
4:06 Another funny note about this scene. The set guys wanted to make it easy for Jack Nicholson to chop through the door, so they made a prop door. But the problem was that Jack was once worked as a volunteer fire marshal and chopped through it in one swing. In the end, to get the effect the directer wanted, they had to build a much stronger door. 
The scene from The Usual Suspects is much funnier, knowing that it was improvised.
Some of the most epic lines from movies were in fact uncripted. ﻿
i heard that story differently
That wasnt a scene from 40 Year Old Virgin, it was from Knocked Up.
R. Lee Ermey is awesome, easily the best part of full metal jacket
pure gold!
wow, list25 made this.
Hello ???!!?? No one cares about your moronic popups. It just ruins the compilation. Click away.
ikr 
Yeah, at least half those scenes were not improved.
Some of these unscripted parts turned out to be some of the most legendary lines in movie history. That should be a lesson to directors. Sometimes, the actors know the characters better than the actual writers.
The "Warriors" one is legendary. For that to have been unscripted; it's the most recognizable part of that whole movie.
Ermey is the winner
You can't leave out the really long Breakfast Club scene where they're smoking pot and talking about why they're in detention! The whole scene was an improv!
hahaah. Google it..
the Dr Strangelove scene was unscripted? that makes it even funnier
The fun thing about that scene is : right afterwards, the other guy Ron Perlman broke character by shouting something, I think "holy shit!" Fortunately they had enough footage to keep. Sadly the camera is focused on Weaver, and so the ball 'does' go off camera, so it might 'look' like a ball was dropped into the hoop after she threw it up, but the shot is indeed real. The director, Jean-Pierre Jeunet wished he had gotten the full ball arc.
2:28 - Twisted Sister - Come Out And Play ;)
WGA...oh wow that means a lot. Anyone else can access those scripts too jackass.
Did you watch the video...? 
22 - That's not 40 Year Old Virgin, that's Knocked Up.
The best one is "You are the load that momma should have swallowed."
Sigourney Weaver (ripley) in aliens resurrection, first take was meant to pretend the basketball shot behind the head swish and the animator would do the rest but after 2 weeks of basketball training she wanted to take the shot, against the directors wishes the camera kept on rolling as she walked away and got a legit swish with her back to the hoop... i think that should of made it in this list :) 
Ah, so that's the whole story. Anyway, maybe the guy got that insult from that movie? I doubt he made all of them up himself. :P
Oh god that was great "doesn't know cock from crayons" 
Amazing that some of the most iconic lines are the unscripted ones.
Well, at least one of the lines "steers and queers" was in "An Officer and a Gentleman", so it was quite well known before Full Metal Jacket came out. Once I heard that Ermey was a retired drill instructor and a technical adviser as well as an actor on several military films, I wondered if the original line had come from him.
R. Lee Ermey was a technical adviser for Full Metal Jacket (he'd retired from the marines years earlier and had been in other films including Apocalypse Now and the Boys in Company C), but like you said, was cast after the director saw him 'doing his thing'. What I find weird about that scene is that the "steers and queers" line is lifted from "An Officer and a Gentleman" (Louis Gossit Jr. said it). I always wondered if R. Lee Ermey was a technical consultant on that movie as well.
the joker seen was scripted to blow up but there was a malfunction so it stopped. they only had one go and it was heath ledgers acting which made it an amazing scene of the movie.
The act of giving someone a handjob while penetrating them anally at the same time. Do you now regret asking? If not, I have failed.
what's a reach around?
Robin Williams truly is a god of humor
I BET YOU COULD SUCK A GOLF BALL THROUGH A GARDEN HOSE!
Also with Usual Suspects the reason they were all laughing was because benicio del toro was having uncontrollable gas the entire scene
Love Good Will Hunting. They actually say the reason why the camera was shaking was because the Camera man was laughing his ass off
Why isn't goodfellas on there. The "what the fuck is so funny about me" scene was completely unscripted
am a native nyer..and every native nyer knows that dustin hoffman scene was unscripted...freakin fuckin cabs yo...whatryagonnado ha
am a native nyer..and every native nyer knows that dustin hoffman scene was unscripted...freakin fuckin cabs yo...whatryagonnado ha
I very easily earn over 3500 dollars per month just by answering easy online surveys at home. This site shows every detail how EARN88.COM It is the mission of each true knight... His duty... nay, his privilege! To dream the impossible dream, To fight the unbeatable foe, To bear with unbearable sorrow To run where the brave
Ermey is my hero.
If I remember correctly, all the explosives didn't go off during the shoot. Hence Joker's/Heath Ledger's reaction. He was trully startled when the rest of the explosives went off.
This video is UTTER BULLSHIT !!!!!! unscripted is the IQ of the uploader ,TWAT
Not sure if this has come up yet but probably...that wasn't "40 year old virgin" but rather "knocked up".
Hard-core!
I am amazed those iconic moments were in some shape or form happy accidents. Including lines that would be paraphrased in other films or in cartoons. The two that comes to mind: The "come out to play" and the "bigger boat". I also think the "here's Johnny" was way better and would have a more iconic effect than what was planned
yes, we all knew it
did you read the annotations? they said which part the actor made up (most of them was just the dialogue)
The whole explosion scene was indeed scripted, but when that final explosion didn't go off, Heath Ledger reacted in character and the director told them to keep filming. They ended up creating one of the most remembered scene's from the film. (In my opinion) 
scenes werent made up. the directors told them to ad lib it. either that or they just wanted to say something. like heres johnny, the directors never told him to say something there. just look in creepily. and with game over man, the same applies but they kept it since it was so awesome 
He's been killed by Terminator, Predator, and Alien. Hollywood needs to cut him a break. 
"I also know FOR A FACT that you are some little dick pudknocker nancyboy who doesn't know cock from crayons!" If I was to make a video about insults, hell, I just might put that one in there. 
wow that guy that said "game over man" should be payed millions
was*
That is genius known as Heath Ledger.
YOUR CAPS LOCK KEY IS STUCK. YOU MAY NEED A NEW KEYBOARD.
yes he pressed it and the explosion didnt go off so he improvised
It's sad that, that would be Heath Ledger's last movie and yet it grew to be one of the most epic movies ever
R.I.P Gunnery Sergeant Hartman... You loud, bitchy, hard ass drill instructor.
that's why Heath IS the Joker
indeed it was 
ask a Marine!
That makes it that much better.
he didnt put the indiana jones scene. :(
I would like to add something. In his auditioning video where he was yelling insults, he had people chuck oranges and tennis balls at him to emphasize on his concentration in just wrecking people emotionally with words alone. Brilliant man. 
Wow there are like 5 stanley kubrick films on here
Your able to effortlessly get over 3500 dollars per month simply by responding to easy surveys at home. This site displays every detail how EARN88.COM العمر ليس سنوات نعيشها؛ العمر أشياء تعيش في داخلنا لأن هناك أشياء لا نذكر منها شيئاً
Sweeeeeeet! Some of these I knew about, but others I had no idea!﻿
For number 1, they didn't even want to give the guy the part. (He was a real drill instructor.) So he decided to 'audition' by filming himself shouting insults at his cadets for...25 minutes I believe. Not a single hesitation in his words, not a moment needed to think for something new, while every insult was an original. 25. Minutes. Long. He got the part after that.
There are 3 stories known to me about the Joker one. 1, this one. 2, The explosion was supposed to go normally, but it stopped half-way. Heath improvised a bit before it continued again. 3, Heath was supposed to get into the bus, and then the explosions would continue when the bus drove away. The 1st and 2nd could be one in the same though. So it seems most likely now.
Sweeeeeeet! Some of these I knew about, but others I had no idea!﻿
What about the scene in The Breakfast Club where they all talk about why they're in detention? John Hughes told them all to improvise.
The pyro technicians delayed the second explosion without telling Heath. He was expecting the whole building to come down behind him, so when it didn't...
Mein Fuhrer should be #1.
so Malcolm in the clockwork orange felt even more evil than he was scripted to be and started singing "singing in the rain"? im cool with that.
Many of these scenes have commentary from either the actors or director or sometimes both stating these scenes were ad-libbed. By the way it is a very well know fact Bill Murray ad-libbed in many of his movies because he was good at it. Professional comedians generally are. You are obviously either a troll an idiot or both.
lets just face it,most of stanleys brilliance was probably improvised 
Please keep in mind that everything in Caddyshack that Bill Murray was in was not scripted. He was given an idea of how the scene would develop and he would go with it, including the scene with Chevy Chase. His lines are now considered some of the most quoted ever, just by the sheer volume of golfers in the world
this was out in 2011 already?!?
She is accually screaming in the start here cause she sees the blood on DiCaprios hands /watch?v=OEofBHTrwzQ
You forgot the scene from Django:Unchained, where DiCaprio cuts his hand and starts rubbing the blood in the womans face: /watch?v=72nK7APr6Xs
So you're saying all those actors made these scenes up? Sure..
I used to hear the same lines years before that movie came out from an x-Marine at the Steel Mill. Who knows maybe he had Ermey for a D.I. Vietnam era.
It's worth pointing out that there's a big difference between "ad libbed" and "not in the script". Just because a line wasn't in the final "official" script, that doesn't mean it was created spontaneously while the cameras were rolling. It's very common for scenes to get worked out and fine-tuned on the set while shooting. For many directors, that's SOP.
The pyro's didn't go off properly so ledger just went with it.
I'm not a fangirl by any stretch of the imagination, but #20 is either genius or a miracle. Either way, I love it.
I know FOR A FACT (I can say that when, as a member of WGA, I can access the registered scripts from the WGA liberary) the majority of these scenes were improvised. I don't know about all of them. I also know FOR A FACT that you are some little dick pudknocker nancyboy who doesn't know cock from crayons!
R.Lee Ermey was a real Drill Instructor
R.Lee Ermey was a real Drill Instructor
When's part 2 coming out?
mewlists is obviously lying to us about these lines being unscripted and his annotations are made up bullshit. He just added the "unscripted" tag for marketing purposes.
That's my favourite scene from Full Metal Jacket, and he made that up? Dayum. Respect.
i bet you are the kind of person to fuck a man in the ass and not have the common courtesy to give him a reach around - best insult ever 
The last one looool
That F Lee Earmy is the epitome of a drill instructor
I concur. There are more "classic" quotes in FMJ than all the others combined..
I believe the Full Metal Jacket story goes R.Lee Ermey came up with the majority of his dialog "on the spot" after reading the script which he though was "crap" and not something a real DI would say. Kubrick was so happy with it they had the script rewritten using the "improvised" material captured during the takes when Ermey used his own material.
ARE YOU TELLING ME THAT AMAZING JOKER PART WAS UNSCRIPTED?
''I WILL RIP YOUR BALLS OFF SO YOU CAN NOT CONTAMINATE THE REST OF THE WORLD''
ANYTHING Gunny Ermy does is a classic movie quote. just sayin
Also,my bad, it wasnt joker. But regardless, your comment is crap. I also like how you ended it with "sorry." Is that your way of saying "i apologize that i think im smarter and know better than you." The fucking arrogance man, its through the roof.
While i will not pretend that i have some kind of insight into movies that others dont, but the guy who said "take another look" thing about R. Lee looking past joker, what makes you think you can look at a scene like that and know something like that. Its been a big thing about that whole scene for years that he improvised alot of that. Tell us how you know what you claim.
Great compilation, but you should add the sword fight scene from Indiana Jones and the Raiders of The Lost Ark!
this is a homage to acting, and, i feel, to human nature. thank you, and again.
this video is 25 and im 35
That was brilliant 
The Joker clapping scene was also improvised when Gordon was promoted to Comissioner
'I WILL GAUGE OUT YOUR EYEBALLS AND SKULLFUCK YOU!'
I can never take Hannibal seriously with lines like that
Number one was great
Roy Batty's closing monologue is one of the most searing and evocative of the ephemeral life we lead (much more so for a replicant) -- that the final was improv'd on the spot by Rutger Hauer just makes me weep harder. Tears in the rain, indeed.﻿
Roy Batty's closing monologue is one of the most searing and evocative of the ephemeral life we lead (much more so for a replicant) -- that the final was improved on the spot by Rutger Hauer just makes me weep harder. Tears in the rain, indeed.
I think the one with Paul Rudd and Seth Rogen is from Knocked up, not 40 year old virgin (altough the original joke was indeed from 40) Awesome job, by the way...
VEVOOooo Come out to PLAYAAAAY!
Lee Ermey definitely deserved the #1 spot. "WHO SAID THAT? WHO SAID THAT? NOBODY, HUH? THE FAIRY &#%@IN' GODMOTHER!!!" "GET OFF MY OBSTACLE!!! GET THE &#%@ OFF MY OBSTACLE!!!"
"MEIN FÜHRER, I CAN WALK!" I had to watch Dr. Strangelove for a school project. I actually thanked my teacher.
Actually, I looked a few of them up (after leaving my comment), and they all checked out. Weird as it is, it seems that this video is actually legit. Well, at least "Frankly my dear, I don't give a damn" wasn't on the list.
Hence why they are so iconic.
Take another look at R. Lee Ernmey, the drill instructor. He most positively is looking past Modine at his lines. Sorry.
сука 
"Game Over Man!" was improvised? Whoa -.-
*25 Greatest Unscripted Scenes in Films*﻿
I've... seen things you people wouldn't believe... [laughs] Attack ships on fire off the shoulder of Orion. I watched c-beams glitter in the dark near the Tannhäuser Gate. All those... moments... will be lost in time, like [coughs] tears... in... rain. Time... to die... 
'I am walking here" is appered in Just cause 2 
Great video but you forgot a great one, In the Departed when Jack Nicholson points a gun at Decaprio when he thinks hes the rat, that was unscripted...with real fear in Decaprios eyes.
HEATH! ahah R.I.P 
reservoir dogs improvisation >> 
Anyone is able to very easily earn over 4500 dollars every month just by answering basic online surveys at home. This site shows precisely how EARN88.COM İnsanın yarası neredeyse, kalbi de orada atar.
Could be called "25 greatest scenes in film".
*sees video in the related section*,"Full Metal Jacket is going to be number 1",*watches video*,"I told you!".
This is the best greatest acting moments of all time... This should win an award of some kind or go down in history !!
These actors are fucking awesome 
and obviously all the R Lee Ermy shit, he is amazing and unforgettable
the best is the dustin hoffman scene in midnight cowboy
I guess the key to any Kubrick film is throwing out he script?
#17, so funny everybody lost it
I'm not sure about a couple of them, but most of these I know to be true because I've read about them elsewhere.
Didn't know the most famous jaws line was unscripted
Didn't know the most famous jaws line was unscripted
"game over" was the biggest voice crack in life
Thats why actors/esess are soooooo coooooooooL!!!
2:57 "Matt Damon's character.." I wonder what he was called.
Nope. Not buying it. Cite a few sources, and we'll see.
Bill murray movie is caddyshack
Awesome trivia here
Tootsie.
what is that Bill Murray movie?
4:36 he dropped his ciggarette xD
that shitty little gear!
I cant grasp this, so I wont believe it! =) Need proof!
full metal jacket :D good times
The makers of Midnight Cowboy should send that cab driver a royalty check
Your able to very easily earn over 4500 usd per month simply by answering easy surveys at home. This site displays precisely how EARN88.COM I got swirling eyes and the capacity to shatter windows with my bare voice. Tod got teleportation and invisibility. The supernatural world is so far from fair.
Wow this is amazing, I didn't know this, SO many of the MOST famous lines in movie history were ab-libbed! Damn those are outstanding actors!
"Hand me the keys, you fucking cocksocker, wat da fuuuuckkk..." was hillarious, Benicio del Toro is amazing xD
hoffman´s one son of a gun...
That taxi is my favorite, I'm walkin' here!
Am I to understand that essentially all of the most iconic pieces of dialogue ever performed were all improvised? Whoa. 
Lol......you don't look like a steer to me so I guess that narrows it down a bit......do you suck dicks? ARE YOU A PETER PUFFER!.....no sir..BULLSHIT! I bet you can suck a golf ball through a garden hoseLol I love full metal jacket......YOU OWE ME FOR 1 jelly doughnut
gimme the fukin keys you cock sunkin muthafukaaalalllallaaa
Rutger Hauer's monologue at the end of Blade Runner was almost COMPLETELY unscripted. He came up with most of it.
i like how 4 of these are stanley kubrick
The dark night rises' 1 isn't correct, the explosion wasn't suppose to stop, it was suppose to come down in 1 clean explosion and failed. That is why when Heath Ledger hits the button and the explosion in the background happens, he jumps alittle.
Nightmare on Elm St 3 "Welcome to prime time bitch!"
"you know how i know your gay? your wearing a white tie" fucking died of laughter lmao
5 was my fave of this video 
So when I watched this, I was initially hoping to see the scene in Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows Part 2 where after the Great Battle of Hogwarts, Voldemort hugs Draco Malfoy. Quite a pity, cause that definitely gave me goosebumps. Hahahahhahaha
Wish eastern promises was on this list. Wen he cigarette burned his own tongue, that was amazing!
I once asked Mr. Ermey about whether or not his lines were improvised. He said Kubrick was fanatical about him saying the lines exactly as they were written in the script. If he deviated by one word, Kubrick would call cut and start the scene again. He did say they worked together ahead of time on exactly what he was to say, and it was all based on his days as a DI, but he was not allowed to improvise at all during filming. Even the Wikipedia article has it wrong...according to Mr. Ermey.
Most drill sergeants say "Where are you from?" "Only Steers and Queers come from ___)
22 was knocked up. Not the 40 year old virgin. 
There were several unscripted scenes in "All the President's Men", most talking in the car. "Is it AM or FM", the overhead shot while they're discussing the list (Redford says "Slans" instead of "Sloan and Stans" and Hoffman says "Oh, YOU'RE all right!"), the scene where Bernstein explains how he spoke to Alex Shipley who told him of Don Segretti, and I believe the McDonald's "We're doing something wrong," "we've never been there" scene were all unscripted.
Warriors come out to Play.....
didn't bill murray ad lib all his lines in caddyshack?
FMJ = Epic
1:29 Game over man...game over.
press the fucking gear
It's now in the settings menu (the gear-like icon).
I'm surprised that bit from Indiana Jones where Harrison Ford shot the badguy instead of having a sword fight with him didn't make it in. To those who don't know, there was supposed to be a big fight there, but Ford was feeling sick that day and didn't want to do the fight and said "Can I just shoot him?"
"Do you suck dicks?!"
You botched the section about the Usual Suspects. The reason that scene's so great is because they weren't scripted to be laughing, but instead couldn't stop laughing because the Benicio del Toro (Fenster) couldn't stop farting.
Most of em doesnt make sence
"Game over man, game over"!!!! Best fucking line EVER! 
"IVE GOT A JAR OF DIRT!!"
 Lea: I love you... Han: Fuck off.
The star wars one is the best<3
I was wondering the same thing.
Blade runner, one of my favorite movies of all time. I'm glad they included Hauer's final lines. That was such a well done scene.
Blade runner, one of my favorite movies of all time. I'm glad they included Hauer's final lines. That was such a well done scene.
4:34 that was in the script, they had to rehearse it a lot so they could finish the scene fast. They only did about 2 or 3 takes 
-DO YOU SUCK DICKS?- xD
Next to watch later, the clock thing. 
not even the common courtesy I tellya!
22. Is not 40 year old virgin. It's Knocked Up. Just to clarify. 
where's the part where jack sparrow was like "I GOT A JAR OF DIRT!"
GAME OVER MAN, GAME OVER!
Where the fuck is Fight Club? Half of the film wasnt scripted.
They crammed all the options (3D, annotations, screensize, quality) into the little gear thing.
it's now in the video quality changer, along with the rest of the options
its still there...and I liked the captions they told me what hapend. I wouldent of got the taxi one if it wasent for the captions
> Almost replies to a top comment > Checks comments first > Avoids harassing the top comment-er with the same answer that others have already said Thanks :)
1402 people like twilight
vince vaugn in Be Cool was good
The Blazing saddle scene?
Not a bad list at all. I really enjoyed it until the last one, No. 1. It just didn't seem to have the same presence as the others which really astounded me. Cool. Any more?
CLASSIC!! Perfect ending, with R. Lee. Ermey!! "Who said that? Who the fuck said that? Who's the slimy little Communist shit twinkle-toed cocksucker down here, who just signed his own death warrant? Nobody, huh?! The fairy fucking godmother said it!" LOL
Not scripted!! Wtf ! !!!
Wrong, the hospital explosion stopping was not scripted, it was a technical issue but Heath Ledger decided to have fun with it all
How about Johnny Depp "I've got a jar of dirt"? 
Worth of mention: Eric Draven and Officer Albrecht talk about "little things" in "The Crow"
:D you can change a script but not good old Gun' Ermey
#22 is from Knocked Up, but they improvised it as a reference to 40 year old virgin.
my captions are a mess. they don't tell me anything.
A fucking genius.
I like the batman one best.
He did it once but that only made him feel worse, prompting him to suggest he just shoots the guy
Outstanding!﻿
Yeah I know it is, it's a very funny film. Paul Rudd's most recent film with the same woman as his wife was kind of a sequel to it.
Then explain the unused footage of the fight between the two.
What about in the dark night when the joker clapped when commisionar gordan was promoted?
He really deserves an oscar...
You really do have to be some kind of asshole to not give a man a reach-around. The fuck kind of jackass does that?!
'They call it "Royale with cheeese". They got the metric System mofocka.'
Wasn't it that he was unable to train and didn't want to train for a sword fight?
Tell me one actor that has played that many different types of characters and convinces always with the same quality? DiCaprio playes the retard (Gilbert Grape; Oscar Nomination), the junkie (Jim Carrol), the romeo-type (Romeo&Juliet, Titanic etc.), the action-hero (Blood Diamond), the nasty evil guy (Django Unchained) all equally good. Theres only few who Play in the same league, like Tom Hanks. I consider Johnny Depp as very transformable, too.. but Leo is still ahead. A question of taste, too
#25 - MEANINGLESS
It's from Knocked Up, not sure if you already knew that or not.
That's not 40 year old virgin and I don't see anyone correcting it in the comments.
hehehe oh man, that tropical thunder avatar of yours cracks me up :P
well , He might be hard - but he is fair.
Damn, that's a pretty good list.
That scene from bladerunner still give me chills. 
The usual suspects man XD
Yes l0l
This is a "reprisal" of his role from "The Boys of Company C." He was only supposed to be a technical advisor, but when he put together a training videotape, Kubrick made the decision to use him, unscripted. 
Coming from someone who has been to Parris Island, I believe this IS the script when a D.I. finds a recruit from Texas in their squad bay! 
is anybody startled by the warriers scene?!?!
Thanks.
Thanks.
Bill Murray, and his character, Carl, had no scripted lines. Ramis would just leave the camera on him and let it roll. So....everything he did in Caddyshack was made up.
Paddy Considine - the God.
I believe you're looking for Settings > Annotations > OFF
How could you possibly forget John Barrowman's truly excellent line in Shark Attack: Megalodon? Oh wait... 
i'm singing in the rain just singing' in the rain what a glorious feeling i'm happy again♪♫ That song always bring some crazy-happyness to me :D
actually he had to pee 
1:34 quote was hilarious, it didn't even match the emotional standpoint of the scene lmao
Fullmetal Jacket
It's still there, you have to click on the gear icon now and flip the switch.
They forget scarface - the famous quote, "say hello to my little friend"
What happened to the youtube option of turning off the shitty captions all over the screen
the movie that depicts what life is like for a enlistee for the military until he at least gets through basic (might stay like that for him for a very long time after though)
big fuckin deal 
That's what I thought. So I'm not the only one.
huh really? full metal jacket yo
Number 22 is actually from Knocked Up, Not the 40 Year Old Virgin
full metal jacket 
What film was the last one with the Drill Instructor?
spoiler alert, the thumbnail is #1
2:30 Holy crap. I get the reference. "Mordecai... put your phone away..." From Regular Show.
unscripted, perhaps. but unplanned?
Yup this website here is just giving out free Pink Apple iPad 3's for today only. But you have to be fill out your email id but it is legit, I claimed my one a few minutes ago. Better hurry up! NPADN.COM Zaman en iyi yargıç, sabır eşsiz bir öğretmendir.
Best unscriped scene = fat amys mermaid dance from pitch perfect.
Agreed.
Fuck off
How do you know they were unscripted ?
Like...tears...in the rain. BEST!!
That actually makes perfect sense. They really thought of him as a DI and were pretty much going through Marine Corps basic training!
All these years later and that drill sergeant still has me dying laughing when I watch that scene! Classic!!
R.Lee.Ermey - the king
WOW! THIS IS SOO AWESOME! THEY ARE SO TALENTED. *W*
You go R.Lee Ermey "IIIIv'e been watching you" ;D @MailCall
the reason they were able to is because the actors were kept seperate from R. Lee Ermy off camera so they would never know that he was a nice guy until the filming ended
Clue - Madeline Khans flames on the side of my face was all unscripted genius
This is awesome!  lol﻿
Pretty much all of R Lee Ermy's lines were unscripted. I'm not sure how the guys playing the recruits kept a straight face.
Such a great, underrated movie!
Gd damn I loved full meta jacket. Best movie I watched
I think you could just turn a camera on R. Lee Ermey and watch him go off and be entertained. Old school jarhead all the way. OOOOHHHH RAH
Great list. I would also add Madeline Kahn in Clue. "Flames, on the side of my face... heavin' breaths...."
. .. ,.. . M . M.
What about indiana jones just shooting the thug? They planned a whole fight scene out, but Harrison Ford wasn't feeling good that day, so he just shot the guy. Priceless
What captions?
watching full metal jacket now, knowing all that was improvised just makes me laugh that much harder 
Surprised they didn't include Harrison Ford shooting the sword-wielding henchman from "Raiders of the Lost Ark." But I guess that wasn't an unscripted "line" per se.﻿
i'ts been said that the "here's johnny" was scripted
Haha, you're so funny i'm gonna reward you! Congratulations, you've won! Congratulations, you've won!
Very surprising that two of the most famous lines in Cinema history were improvised by the actors- "Here's Johnny", and "Here's looking at you, kid." Interesting video.
Very surprising that two of the most famous lines in Cinema history were improvised by the actors- "Here's Johnny", and "Here's looking at you, kid." Interesting video.
How many times do they expect me to watch this dumb commercial with the guy hitting his head on the car... I DONT WANT YOUR PRODUCT
He has copyright for that saying? No. I've created like 5000 sayings and people use them all the time. Did i create them first? Probably not. Can you prove it? No. Can you prove he did? No. SO SHUT THE FUCK UP IDIOT
agreed 
Also, the guy on the other video fucking created the saying, therfore, yes it does belong to him. Fucker. 
4 is n1
Ermey wins by a mile.
Indiana Jones wasn't on the list? He pulled his pistol and shot the guy instead of making a fight scene.
probable not to many because the drill instructor was in the marines as a drill instructor before he got the role and the actors were probable to scared to laugh :)
to me unscripted lines makes it even better. more spontaneous b/c the other actors and actresses arent expecting it so their reactions are in the moment as well. :)
giv me you keys you cock sucker madafacaaaaa askdnalfasdnawdasdxD
Miss Manners would be disappointed. One should always do the common courtesy of giving the guy a reach-around.
I'LL BET YOU'RE THE KIND OF GUY THAT WOULD FUCK A GUY IN THE ASS AND NOT EVEN HAVE THE GOD DAMN COURTESY TO GIVE HIM A REACH-AROUND.
OH yeah! :D
 That was awesome! I think I am going to pull out the old dvd right now!
That is even more hilarious after you cleared that up. This movie is iconic!
so that person OWNS that line? dam you're stupid
Because someone else says that on another video you "fucking moron" 
I'll stop drinking and smoking when the church stops fucking kids. Do we have a deal?
I have the mark of the Clockateer on my arm, a pentagram on my left hand, and i carved in my skin, "Burn The Earth" on my right arm. Go fuck yourself!
How to Make this Video: Step 1. List the most Popular Scenes in all of Movie History. Step 2. insert "Unscripted" somewhere into title. Step 3. ??? Step 4. Profit.
So much for my weekend....
thats not 40 year old virgin thats knocked up
actually the explosion isnt supposed to stop in jokers clip. But Heath got into character and saved what was supposed to be a thousands of dollar flopp.
But that Backflip Doe >:)
Where is Cape Fear?
jesus christ almighty guys... what the hell are ya doin?
what about the dark knight when the joker slowly claps when gordon gets promoted?
how it's stealing you fucking moron?
ha, gay
You should have mentioned the camera shake, mewlists.
You'll be the first to die, and the last to be "welcomed" to the bosom of Abraham.
in retrospec, i shouldnt have been so judgemental, i am not his superior, i dont know why im acting as if i am, and im sorry for such. That being said, while it is true that the apostle paul said that "it doesnt matter how the gospel is preached as long as it is being preached", but the bible also tells us that there is no definitive date set for the rapture.I really dont know why i said this, maybe i was angry, upset, whatever, there's no excuse. my apologies. Thanks for mentioning this to me. 
No 
nice
How about just about every scene from Austin Powers?
Stop stealing lines....
Yeah and here I am trying to take a shit in the privacy IN MY OWN HOME!!!! >:(
forget the best unscripted scenes, this is possibly the greatest 25 films ever 
THe guy playing the part of the Officer is an ex marine officer! So it came natural to him! 
i was in a call with someone from texas just now and when i showed her (IM FROM THE UK SO NO NOTHING HAPPENING!) and all she could do is laugh
Director - Christopher Nolan Originally, the Joker (Heath Ledger) was supposed to walk down the street while the explosion at the hospital began, get on the school bus during the scripted pause, and the bus would drive away while the explosion finished. However, Ledger stopped walking during the pause and in a moment of improvisation began fidgeting with the remote detonator in a very Joker-esque manner - bringing a slight amount of dark humor to what would have just been a serious scene.
Joker part is my favorite in whole movie :D:D:D
Ledgers Joker part was number one to me 
do you suck dicks!?!?!?! and dude he says "are you a Peter Puffer" which means, do you suck dicks?
are you a queer!?!?! Another of my favorites was "your days of finger-fucking rosey rotten crotch through her pretty pink panties on prom night are over!!!!" and seriously, i just pulled that out from memory.
while I really, really enjoyed this, I leave it dismayed. A large number of the interactions between DeNiro and Pesci in Raging Bull and Goodfellas were improvised/unscripted. In fact, a large portion of DeNiros career was improvised. Then we have Christopher Guest, who directs mostly without any script. But damn, that Usual Suspects scene is SO classic. Lastly, I didn't know "take the cannolli's" was unscripted. Thats awesome.
So umm... Ermey wins
The Shinning
Anybody else watch the sick Salinger preview as an advertisement.
Anybody else watch the sick Salinger preview as an advertisement.
LOL!!! The Full Metal Jacket dialogue is hilarious! Are you a peter pumper? 
I find all of this unbelievable.
#6 Blade Runner should have been number 1. Best ending in movie history.
Now I don't have a problem with what this user is preaching, I would probably preach the same things, but with more tact. My problem is with your response. You essentially called somebody preaching the word of God a psycho, because they preached it differently than you would. If you even would, that is. I wouldn't call you devout at all.
you are the reason that christians are looked down on in society as a bunch of psychos... Im a hardcore christian, devout, some would say, but you need to calm down buddy.
To be honest Heath ledger could've done whatever he wanted within reason in the dark knight scene, the odds of them getting to redo that shot were fairly small.
unscripted and improvised are very different things, pretty sure most of that is not improvised
What about the I got a jar of dirt?
time to go watch bladerunner again
If it is anything like real BCT than a hell of a lot of takes. I got dropped every time my DS opened his mouth.
I think Leonardo when he bleed his hand in django Unchained is one of greatest improvisation ever
Apparently during the filming, Stanley Kubrick stopped that scene half way through because he didn't understand the phrase reach around and after it was explained, he liked it and told him to do the shot again
That's knocked up not the 40 year old virgin
That's not luck. That's why they are awesome...
how the hell did the scene from Indiana Jones and the last crusade not make it into this list?
that is the 40 year old virgin, though to know that you have to own the DVD and have watched the deleted scenes :)
Where is the proof?
Actually the explosion stopping was a technical problem! Ledger's reaction to it was caught by Nolan keeping the film rolling. What luck, probably the best scene in the movie
LET ME HEAR YOUR WAR CRY!!!!!!!!!
You know you're a good actor when your improvisations will remain into the people's memory forever
In Full Metal Jackets, the instructor. (Played by Ronald Lee Ermey) was meant to train someone to do the scene, instead they just put him as the instructor. The more you know...
The "I've got a jar of dirt" scene didn't make it??
Uhh.. that's not the 40 year old virgin..?
The way I heard, it was a flu, and it was his idea, but I wasn't asking what happened, I was asking why it's not in here.
He did provide some interesting information about the circumstances of the scenes and performances, but thanks for sharing. 
Though shooting the Swordsman wasn't in the script, Harrison Ford had a bad case of the runs and didn't want to do a big fight scene. I forgot who but someone suggested to just pull the gun out and shoot. 
1:10 -Fookin Legend :| - 1:30 #Epic - 2:28 Fukkin Klassic! - 3:48 That Line Been Used a TON o.O - 4:13 T_T Poetic - 4:30 Aayy!! Thats New York, u wanna fight about it - 5:10 Also a Quote thats widely used - 5:41 Oh Gawd XD, I kant stop laughin, you watch over-n-over and its still just as funni. Holy Dawg-Shyt, he's a rude homo if he dont give a reach-around. Aww Sgt dont blink the whole time that he's drilling dude.
Damn, so many classic lines were unscripted, instinctual utterances from the mind of truly talented people.
There are times when actors get the giggles, but if I was an actor in a scene where R Lee Ermy was yelling at me I would shit my pants.
I wonder how many takes did it take for them to get through the bootcamp scene without people laughing.
"Please keep the annotations on" why, so you can tell us they're all unscripted? yeah, got that from the title. Thanks.
Saying it is a fact and PROVING that its a fact makes it a fact.
Kind of sad how the last two explanations were cut off
The explosion being delayed in the dark knight was an accident, Heath worked with it :D 
Here's JOHNNY >:D
DO YOU SUCK DICKS! XD
LMFAO 
saying it is a fact does not make it a fact either.
22 was from knocked up
No,actually i know for a fact thats not scripted,the director and the actoe even say it,opinion is not fact.
Its not stacked, its pressed together.
That slap tho! 
Evan? That name sounds like royalty are you royalty?
No Willie Wonka and the boat scene?! D:
#1 doesn't even count! hmm... who am I'm gonna get to play the part of the drill instructor? I know! A drill instructor! He was not an actor playing a part, he just did on camera the same thing he did everyday. It reminds me of eminem's movie. I mean, the guy performed in his own biography.
What about the Dark Knight interrogation scene?!?
1:15 was scripted... 
the warriors bit cracks me up
Seriously? This is got to be a joke not to include the all the great unscripted scenes of one of the best performances of all time Al Pacino as Tony Montana.
Seriously? This is got to be a joke not to include the all the great unscripted scenes of one of the best performances of all time Al Pacino as Tony Montana.
"I bet you could suck a golf ball through a garden hose"
Where's Madeline Kahn's flames speech from Clue?
I believe it. All done by fantastic actors, some amazing, most famous movie quotes I remember.
i dont really feel like most of these are great improvisation, they're just one liners mostly. the part on full metal jacket/good will hunting etc seems more like great improvisation cuase they came up with a whole improvised scene.
so no, it's not wrong.
That's just my opinion. I forgot to add that in there.
Wrong...i still use that line when my gf tells me she loves me...epic 
So many great ones however I have one that may not be spectacular or incredible for that matter but it is from the one and only Marlon Brando in "The Score" - He says: "When the pigs eat my brother" and this line was not scripted. He was the Godfather fer chrissakes! Outstanding.
*بهترین سکانسهای فی البداهه تاریخ سینما*فی البداهه : در فیلمنامه موجود نبوده و با خلاقیت بازیگر و تشخیص کارگردان ثبت شده﻿
It's true. Just shows the greatness of dustin hoffman. 
The "Full metal jacket " lines we're not so originals, they we're taken from the movie ' An Officer and a gentleman"....They we're just extended to what Louis Gossett Jr. recited in that movie. Now Robert DeNiro's unscripted lines we're original and should have been No.1 or No.2
40 year old virgin? I reckon it was from knocked up
It is amazing that some of Films and TVs most memorable lines were not originally scripted, a great testament to the actors on the spot, and the producers for allowing it.
BULLSHIT, YOU DIDN'T CONVINCE ME! 
Really? Those actors have taxi cabs crashing their scene shots randomly? 
1s the best for me. The man playing the sargent was one in real life.
i got a jar of dirt
The Star Wars one was kinda irrelevant.
LA
Ladrón Bill
Surprised this didn't include the face slap from Dr. Schivago. Julie Christie's face is priceless at that moment and the director thankfully kept it in.
No "You think I'm funny?" scene from Goodfellas?!
12. went to my high school 
is it unscripted??? it looks very scripted. 
No alien?
In Mexico, there was an actor named Mario Moreno "Cantinflas", he was Chaplin friend and big part of his movies were improvisation.
"I know" over the Hospital Explosion?!?!
Alien, apparently only the actor with the chest burster knew it was going to happen. The fear on all the other actors is legitimate and is cut short quickly due to cussing then laughter.
Singing in the rain was improvised ? Wow, that mean the script for latter was changed quickly too.
oh.. no, dont be so curious about me. I`m not gay, find somebody else who would good luck !! 
Erreur au numéro 22 c'est pas ds 40 ans et encore puceau mais bien dans grossesse surprise loll
"Who said that? Who the fuck said that? Who's the slimy little communist shit, twinkle-toed cocksucker down here who just signed his own death warrant? Nobody, huh? The fairy fucking godmother said it. Out-fucking-standing! I will PT you all until you fucking die! I'll PT you until your assholes are sucking buttermilk !!!" Of course it is unscripted, nobody can write it :)
and better was end..."I'll be watching you!" ;)
Where was Meatballs??
HOLY GOATHSHIT!
GIVE ME THE FUCKING KEYZ YOU FUCKING COCKSUCKER MATAFAKAAAEEELRW!!!!!
wow, lol, how many of these scenes where in modern day movies,Seems like real acting was a thing of the past
# 22 was not the 40 year old virgin that scene is from knocked up
the best acting really is improv acting unreal makes these actors even better
This video is awesome. Some of the best scenes ever. My personal favorite was the first video with Bill Murray from Caddy Shack.
the two towers, right after they disocver merry and pippin might be dead, Viggo Mortensen improvised kicking the helmet. the scream afterwards was unintended because he broke his foot kicking the helmet
"Le Big Mac" haha! What do they call a Whopper?
What about the Indiana Jones scene with the Arab guy?
He quite clearly says 'Like tears in rain', not 'Like tear in the rain', as written in the caption. Tut tut tut. Good. Vid. Though
They call it Le Big Mac.
Do u suck dick... Interesting question
well, do you?
Hahahaha " do you suck dicks" what kind of quenstion is that !!!!
Then what do they call a Big Mac?
Then what do they call a Big Mac?
Yeah he was shmammered lol maybe thats why he bled so bad.
Damn, you guy cut out the 3rd time Luthor said "Warriors, come out to play-e-ay!" The way he says it that third time was chilling and menacing.
It did go on for quite a while and he was completely wasted as he drank during the entire filming of the scene and the version they kept was late in the takes. Definitely deserved to make the list.
It's amazing how many iconic lines were improvised.﻿
You have missed American Beauty - Kevin Spacey singing "American women" in the car!
The usual suspects 2:05 I break down in laughter everytime I hear the cop says: "In english please!" :D
Indeed, near to impossible
If this is true, he deserves so much respect..
fuck that movie 
Royale with cheese,
The producers wouldn't have planned what happened. That would be the writers. The producers loved it so much more than what the writers' had scripted. P.S. I'll shut up now.
GUNNY ISNT GUILTY OF A THING-------
4:40 was probably the highest point in that cabdriver's life. Ever after he would brag, "I got shouted abuse at by Dustin Hoffman for my shitty driving!"
22 was Knocked Up wasn't it?
5 foot 9?! I didn't know they stacked shit that high
I only have one question for you Vincent. What do they call a quarter pounder with cheese in france? 
Great compilation, except the font is really hard to read
Yes we all know that dipshit face!! Old news! You are no Vincent Vega, you are "the gimp"!! LOL
He really wants this Oscar.
Mr. and Mrs. Smith; When Brad Pitt is chasing after Angelina Jolie he was supposed to jump over a fence and shoot at her car. But he tripped(unscripted) and the prop gun in his hand went off. He then ad-libbed the line "Oh dear God" and the producers loved it so much better than what they originally had planned.
GUNNY!!! 
Ok Doctor, who would you say is the best? I have to say I agree with Vincent and have thought that for some time, but I am curious...
Benicio del Toro's delivery of that line from The Usual Suspects has cracked me up every single time.
AWESOME !!!!!! This is real talent! I liked it very much :-)
District 9 was completely improvised
Quite a few Kubrick movies on this list. I was filming a video in his manor outside London today. The walls of the entrance is lined with the masks from Eyes Wide Shut. 
Oh man, you commented on the wrong video bro. "YOU TALKIN TO ME?!"
woah woah woah, good, most definitely, great, absolutely, phenomenal, unarguably, but best? like, of all the actors alive? best? thats bold.
or i could just go up to you and say give me the keys fucking cock sucker mother fuckerlolololololololol thumbs up if u agree
And I have as many Oscars as him! :D
the bombs should have exploded all at the same time or at least in a small sequence, then he realized that some of them did exploded but some of them didnt. He improvised the part in which he punched the detonator
It was scripted in a way Scorsese just told Liotta and Pesci to improvise the scene and didn't tell the other actors in the scene.
3:02 makes me wonder if Tom Hanks glanced over to Spielberg for reassurance lol I always thought he gave some strange looks in this scene and just realized not long ago this scene was improvised.
Martin Sheen did something similar at the start of Apocalypse Now, but the scene didn't go on for long and he didn't have any dialogue so it's no where near as impressive.
How was Heath Ledgers part unscripted? We're the bombs really supposed to go off in sequence?
*bullshit
Shutup
Lol you seem to be a real bitch xD cunt
Yup he was, Gunnery Sergeant Robert Lee Ermey.
Bitch please. The best unscripted scene ever "I got a jar of dirt!" 
Know what? Fuck this! No way! I'm not gonna be the designated gay guy this time! YOU ARE!!
That drill sergeant scene in FMJ is easily one of the most iconic scenes of a military movie ever, except maybe when Willem Dafoe was on his knees in Platoon... Or the sniper scene in Saving Private Ryan.
i read that Lee Ermey, the drill sergeant in FMJ was actually a marine drill sgt. it's amazing how he improvised these awesome lines. one of the most memorable parts of this movie.
that poor guy xD trained for months 
The conversations held among the crew of the Nostramo in Alien was all improvised as well.
I really wished the outtakes were saved. Since he could go on for hours without a script, I know the world missed out on some funny stuff.
Try using a better font 
Lee Ermy was able to ad lib that scene so easily because he was a Marine Corps DI at both Marine Corps Recruit Depots; Parris Island SC, and MCRD San Diego CA from 1965 to 1967. I bet that scene must have been a trip down memory lane for him. OORAH Gunny!
2:33 birth of Nirvana
2:33 birth of Nirvana
i fought it was his idea to shoot the guy
I can believe the "Here's Johnny" line is unscripted since its The Shining's most popular line.
Gime tha kies mothafucka what tha fak.....
But it was improvised for the movie. Ergo, scenes that were improvised and not in the script
That's not really improvised per se. They just changed the plan before shooting because Ford was too sick to do the original idea.
Only missing Goodfellas "How am I funny?"
Rutger Hauer's one can't be in #06.
Your able to very easily receive over 3500 dollars per month simply by responding to basic online surveys at home. This site shows every detail how gg.gg\?s=0e2951448
That was no improvisation......that is exactly how he treated recruits when he was in the USMC That was a dialogue brought on by years of experience in the Corps.
2 months later he has a comeback :0......that was the point genius -_-
''Too stupid to insult'' is an insult bro, but the other funny little thing about that line is; That the fucking thing contradicts itself. If you're calling someone stupid, that's an insult. If they are 'too stupid to insult' that's an insult, but the person who was receiving it, according to your words, doesn't find it insulting. If I called a black dude a 'Chicken eating nigger' and he didn't find it offensive, it's still an insult.
oh boy! What do you know? The number one on this list is a homophobic one. Merry Christmas! *sarcasm*
R.Lee Ermey. The Man The Marine The Legend 
22 Was Actually from Knocked Up 
I know you have Heath Ledger's Joker Hospital Explosion on there, but I kinda liked the improved slow clap in jail scene to be better.
yelling at families! and during graduation?? wow! pretty extreme. I often wondered how those guys are able to function once they leave the military. 
Fucking yes! I am in a world of shit! Spuds speed interview in trainspotting was unscripted n pretty good aswell " ahhhh meeeen nooo, craiggy newtoooon"
My brother is a Marine, when we went to watch his ceremony. Those fucking Drill Sergeants... they were yelling at the families too. They're tall, buff and too fucking scary.
What about the "I've got a jar of dirt" scene from Pirates of the Caribbean: Davy Jones locker? Lol that was completely unscripted. But great video none the less.
You are correct about that; the Drill Instructor (in AF Basic it's "Training Instructor") in those days would go into maximum overdrive in your face with little or no provocation. All that being said, I will say without embarrassment or apology, Air Force Basic compared to Navy, Army, Marine Corps basic, looked like a piece of cake...little more than a glorified boy scout camp...imho
How do I know it's unscripted?
Then they rip you a new asshole for laughing. I'm guessing you held those giggles in real nice.
No "Smokey and The Bandit?", Jackie Gleason's improv is histerical.
Django Unchained: DiCaprio hits on the table in his angry speech while dinner, accidently hits on a glass that was standing on the table tho and cuts his hand open (unscripted). He continues being injured and even involves the incident in his acting to make the scene more dramatic, plays with the blood, whiping it into the slaves face. Phenomenal acting and improvising by the currently best actor.
I owned you again!
Actually those lines were
all lies!
I really wanna see full metal jacket now
"You're gonna need a bigger boat," is my all-time favorite movie line!
# 20 Heath Ledgers scene was improvised but the explosion was scripted to be bigger and there was a malfunction that's why he continued to flip the switch until the crew got the remaining explosions to set off
that wasn't 40 year old virgin that was Knocked Up 
"Do you suck dicks?!"
R Lee Ermey's lines in the scene may well have been unscripted for the movie; however, as a Marine Corps Drill Instructer I assure you his lines had been well rehearsed and often repeated. I was in Air Force basic and I heard the Drill instructor use the "steers and queers" come from .....fill in your home state. It was funny but only because I wasn't the recruit he was shouting at.
At first I thought Han Solo would win this, then the Sergeant just ran away with it in the end hahaha
*Face palm* Yes we know the movie as a hole was scripted but his lines within that movie were not. 
Great video -- excellent job keeping the scenes moving. Thanks!
2:33 is that draco malfoy?
"25 Greatest Unscripted Scenes in Films" ^^
...... The only reason people are "Gay" is being in love with the same gender, all these stereotypes and "things" that people do are for the small minded and ignorant... Get over yourselves and SHUT UP about it already...
I'm sorry but Johnny Depp's i've got a jar of dirt ( i know not a classic film) should be on here. Great line!
The fact that these lines are improvised makes them even more awesome!
Jaws,Taxi and The Shinning are probably the best ones ever.Those are the ones people remember forever.Classics!! At least for those of us old enough to remember.
THE MOTHER OF THIS KID PLEASE PICK HIM UP IN THE MORONIC OFFICE... TOO MORON THE POOR LITTLE BASTARD
ZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZ
Here's one you missed: Colonel Kurtz' (i.e., Marlon Brando) speech in Apocalypse Now when he confronts his assassin (Capt. Willard/Martin Sheen). Brando improvised the entire chillingly deranged but immensely powerful monologue. What a genius. 
There's no way those were all unscripted
It's fun picking on you :D
DI not DS
DI not DS
I like the effort put in for the video and all BUT "I love you" "I know" come on,,, I wouldn't really consider some of these scenes the "greatest" if you know what I mean...
Would be nice to know the backstory behind these scenes. I only know the The Dark Knight story
In the book doesn't mean anything. It still was unscripted. Shows that he at least read the damn thing. Still amazing.
Go to the 2 minute mark lol!
yeah its so fucking amazing 
ah okay
That wasn´t improvised like the rest scenes of that video. They had to change it because Ford was ill, so the scene was planned. This video is more about improvising during a take, like Dustin Hoffman with that taxi. 
Wheres braveheart?
where is the scene where Indiana Jones shoots that sword guy?
5:36 Chardonnay goes much better with liver than Chianti
Thats everythings you have to say??? Pathethic
you too asshole
You're still a dumbass
He was a legit drill Sargent so he probably had years to perfect this shit. Makes for one hell of a performance. 
Which episode of Family Guy was the Scene of The Warriors (1979) spoofed?
Game over man! i must have said that line 1000 times 
are you kidding the sargent word for word out of the book and i mean every word he says is right from the book 
The scene with the sergeant was the most memorable scene in a movie of all time. True genius.
FMJ the absolute best movie EVER made!!! 
what about Johnny Depp's "I've got a jar of dirt"??? 
What about the scene in lord of the rings where Aragon kicks the orc head and screams?
Anything with Arlee Ernie is worth watching, just sayin'
Pirates of the Carribean 2 Dead Man's Chest, the I gotta jar of dirt was unscripted
I was disappointed to not see anything from the movie ghostbusters. Look up some of the great stuff from that movie. Great list though
lol definitely the sargeant's lee ermey's improvisation is #1- that was a masterpiece of sheer genius
Not improvised, no, but the sequence was written and directed by Pesci, and was based on an actual event that happened to him once.
That "I know" is such an asshole line. :D
Good list. The "You think I'm funny" scene in Goodfellas by Joe Pesci was improvised as well. One of my favorite improvised scenes.
very good :)
Tu eras un patito y te violaron... seguro ese eras tu 
Game over man It's game over!
warriors come out to play he did that cause he learned that in Nam, it still part of basic training to make sounds like that at nigth.
Jim Carey just killed me at 0:30
1 is 1.
thats knocked up right?
warriors come out to play FTW
0:30 i didn't know Jim Carey can do a Justin Beiber impression 
2:00 HAHAHAHHAHAHAHAHA
Warriors come out to play would be a period because he is commanding them
N# 22 Is actualy knocked up not 40 year olf virgin, even though it has the same actors it is still not the original movie it self.
What about the Indiana Jones scene where Harrison Ford just shoots the guy because half the actors had dysentery and he didn't want to do the long action scene? 
I saw a doc on youtube where they said how it was all planned out for the batman scene. Also the 40 year old virgin one wasn't even in the movie. Where did you find this supposed "unscripted scenes" anyway?
you lose
he destroyed himself
The batman doesn't make sense to include, since the gap in timing was intended... it hardly can be described as improvised, unless you include ALL ACTING in that category. 
Does it count as 'unscripted' when the actors have only a basic line of what the scene is about and no lines at all? If that's so the Full This Is Spinal Tap was made like so.
Lee Ermey, who played the drill instructor in Full Metal Jacket, had been a Marine Drill Instructor before he became an actor. So he had prior experience in playing the part.
Im pretty sure theres quite a big line between being unscripted and having an accident, He done the take 3 tries and the scream was unscripted yes but him breaking his toe was an accident
Breaking his toe wasn't unscripted?
Breaking his toe wasn't unscripted?
He was supposed to kick the helmet was scripted but breaking his toe and screaming afterwards wasn't
I stand corrected watch?v=AOVehIKpm4k Apparently this was a deleted scene from Knocked Up. the OG was from 40 year old virgin though 
100% the "you know how i know your gay" conversation starts when they are playing playstation in Steve Carrels house while he gets ready for his date. same guys... different movie
that wasnt unscripted though
Sure?
yep, Viggo is a badass
no its 40 year old virgin
0:36 Isnt it Knocked Up?
tbf, a lot of these lines weren't improvised, they were rewritten by the actor. there is a difference.
Really? ROFL
And those actors do their improve for a living. What is the difference?
so terminator's "il be back" line is nowhere here, fuck this gay earth 
What's up with the LotR where Aragorn kicks the helmet?
Wasn't #22 from Knocked Up, and not 40 Year-Old Virgin?
Like if when you saw #14, you thought of Regular Show.
ikr
Lee Ermey's great, but he did that DI business for a living. I'd give the top spot to Dustin Hoffman. Awesome. And, Voigt plays it step for step with Hoffman, without saying a word. 
t(O_O)t
Scene 22 is actually from Knocked Up, not 44 Year Old Virgin. 
I went through ALL OF THIS TO FIND THE COMMENT DELETED! FUCK!
Fuck the Batman scene. I'll take Full Metal Jacket but you have to take Bladerunner simply because it was the best line in the whole damn film! And the whole film was awesome.
*Comment no longer exists* Well f this shiz!!! (╯°□°）╯︵ ┻━┻
Strong stuff indeed!
dark knight is the best R:I:P: heath ledger
i know this is off topic but is anyone elses adblocker not working?
You need to go to a top 100 cheesiest lines video to get Cage footage.
No, they didn't know what will pop-out.
Fuck you and your virus.
22 is not 40 year old virgin
That was scripted.
That was amazing; didn't even know those scenes were improvised; gotta tell you it's really genuine when they do it, gives the movie an edge.
Where is scene from Alien, when baby alien comes out of the chest?
We're they laughing the line up because someone farted? lol
Scripted yes, but they only had one shot at the take. the entire explosion was suppose to happen at once. the improv came when only part of them went off, drew it out long enough for the full explosion and an awesome scene
the joker scene was scripted just so you guys know 
Actually, he was sick with dysentery I believe. When they were trying to shoot the sword scene, Ford, wanting to get it done, said “Why don’t I just shoot the guy?” And it became a classic scene in a classic movie.
Reservoir Dogs is probably the most obvious ever... an ear...
Haha, so basically he was just saying whats on his head during the scene and they liked it?
dang! I was so sure Christopher walkin would be in there! 
Hell no.... after all the shit I had to bear to get here....Deleted comment...
A Spestnaz team? Fuck that, send me in and it's done in a minute.
Leave the gun. Bring the Canollis
Peter puffer-dick sucker.
Kids don't believe everything you read.
R. Lee Ermy is genius
22 is Knocked up ......
Dont mean to be a buzzkill but that clockwork orange scene wasnt unscripted as later in the film he sings singing in the rain whilst in a bath and the writer who he attacks decides not look after him because of the memories from the earlier attack
What about that scene in Lord of The Rings Two Towers where Aragorn kicks the orc's helmet in anger as he thought Merry and Pippin were killed. In that scene he broke his toe in real life and screamed in pain but gave an appearance that he screamed in rage
Peanut Puffer?
Peanut Puffer?
What about Apocalypse now? That had one of the greatest unscripted scenes ever.
You know that "You know how I know you're gay" scene was actually from knocked up. Though I found 40 year old virgin's version better. 
What about Sparkle, Sparkle, Sparkle?
There was an actor in BBC's Dr Who who made hissing noises similar to those of Hopkins in an episode that predated the film. He reckons Hopkins got the idea from him.
Seeing videos like this makes me love the internet even more.
some awesome movies there ..the usual suspects scene is the best for me I love that movie :-)
The level of ignorance, pettiness and mental retardation in this string of comments is unfathomable. Going through all that was like going through an abyss in the empty void of a foul-mouthed 4th grader's mind. I may never recover from this.
HEY! I'M COMMENTIN' HERE I'M COMMENTIN' HERE!
Batman and full metal jacket for the win.
There was no dialogue in that scene.
YOU HAD BEST UNFUCK YOURSELF OR I WILL UNSCREW YOUR HEAD AND SHIT DOWN YOUR NECK! xD
I vote for Bogie -- Casablanca set the standard!
Um, the very ending of Casablanca -- Bogart improvised the line "Louie, I think this is the beginning of a beautiful friendship"
Harrison Ford actually had dysentery and was very sick so he did not want to do a big sword fight scene so they left it in :]
Too bad there wasnt any nic cage stuff 
I hoped for the scene in Rocky where a guy throws a fruit to rocky while he is jogging :) 
love it.., 
Full Metal Jacket...! Gagagagagak!
You can hear the beginning of the drill sergeant's lines in the beginning of the boot camp portion of "Half Life: Opposing Force"
Yeah... the noise was improvised. And it was unscripted. Don't really know watch'ya mean.
►→▷►►→⇨►⇨►→▷►►→⇨►⇨ iPad for Early birds ★★★★★★★ ⇨►⇨⇨▷►►⇨ Claim new ipad mini with HD monitor ⇨►⇨⇨▷►►⇨ ⇨⇨▷⇨⇨⇨→ All could obtain. So dont wait grab it now ►→▷►►→⇨►⇨►→⇨►⇨ here is it →▷▷⇨→→⇨qzis.info\ipadnew
To my knowledge Harrison Ford's line was supposed to be "I love you too" or something like that XD
#22 is from Knocked Up. There was a very similar scene in 40 Year Old Virgin though when they were playing Mortal Kombat.
I'll bet you're the kind of guy that would F*CK a person in the ass and not even have the god damn common courtesy to give him a reach around! LMAO! PRICELESS!
Unscripted doesn't mean the line was impov. For example: in the silence of the lambs the line was scripted but the sound he made after was not
That was a last-minute suggestion by Harrison Ford I believe, so technically unscripted, but not improvised on the spot.
@16 Love the warriors best movie ever!!!!!!!!
that wasn't 40 year old virgin that was Knocked Up 
Full Metal Jacket wasnt scripted?...then it must be the best 3 minutes of dialogued ever in a movie.
Dustin Hoffman has the best improv BOL.
...cracked?
omg #5 midnight cowboy at 4:30 was freaking awesome!!!
Those were good.
Reason why they should approve gay marriage: DonCarlos and xlegionx can settle down in a nice semi-detatched house in Chigwell and never bother Youtube again with their lover's tiffs
maybe it should not have been, since he tells Hanks that that was the last time all the brothers were together, but in the beginning there is a picture of them in their uniforms at the mother's house.
0:39 that not 40 year old virgin.... 
watch?v=jKHJhfS_7Hw
diss jake
That scene was scripted, it was just changed at the last minutes from the original scene due to Harrison having food poisoning. They wanted to get the scene over with quickly so he could get back to his trailer and rest.
I love gunny even his documentaries are funny, he seems to talk fluent comedy, 
HERE'S JOHNNY!
Heath Leader was improvised because the explosions did not go off as they should have. It was not on purpose for the explosions to stop and then restart.
What happened to The Breakfast Club scene were they're all in a circle saying why they got detention?
These scenes are not unscripted.. It's called acting
Here's Johny was improvised? Dammm
I had no clue Matt's story was improv.... these are some great actors/actresses!
Yea, he was very ill atm, had diarrhea and just needed to get to the bathroom :P 
Fuck you 
At least half of these were NOT improvised. What crap.
it wasnt really unscripted, they had to change the scene to save time. although the actor of the sword guy was kind of mad since he practiced so much and got so little screen time.
They probably just didn't care.
No the dark night scene with the delay wasn't supposed to happen it was supposed to detonate and didn't so yeah
You can comfortably get over 3000 dollars every month simply by filling in basic online surveys at home. This site shows precisely how tr.im\4bc8h
You are an idiot... the scene was not improvised, heath ledger respond to the scene was...
for the last fucking time i'm pretty sure the scene from the dark knight was NOT improvised
A lot of the best scenes in the Ghostbusters franchise were unscripted too. 
Thanks; I was wondering about that! Somehow it didn't seem improvised... but then, neither did some of the other lines, so one can't really tell.
I was thinking the same thing! Heres a piece of nerdiness back, Mark Hamill's line "I can't see a thing in this helmet" from Star Wars episode 4 was said to Harrison Ford after he thought the cameras had stopped rolling.
17, 16 and 15 i laughed my ass off
what about the scene in Indiana Jones where Harrison Ford shoots the guy instead of using the whip? He improvised it because he had a bad case of diarrhea and wanted to finish the scene quickly.. lol
It is a dead end sir. Mission was aborted. 
The joker really doesn't know how to set up explosives
Sorry to nerd out on all of you but the star wars line was not improvised. Harrison Ford talked the writers into changing the line from "I love you too" to "I know" before they shot it.
What about the cat in that scene from the Godfather?
I do not like torture in my movies..
GIVE ME YOUR FUCKING KEYS YOU COCKING SUCKING MOTHAFUCKAAAAAAAAAAARHHHHHHHHHHH!!!!
At this point Darwin would be going, "Come with me. This is the Ascent of Man, you stand here."
Correction for Caddyshack, all of Bill Murray's scenes were improvised. Not just that one line. (:
The "Tears in the Rain" speech the best!!!
Amazing how the most memorable lines/parts of these movies were unscripted.﻿
Stuck in the Middle with You by Stealers Wheel.
I hate to be that guy, but ... ugh the font..
what about the indiana jones scene. Where Harrison Ford pulls out his gun and shoots the tough guy in the black cape?
I have returned! Only to find out that the first comment has been deleted :(
stupid iphone wont let me see the explanations. :l
I love that part when Matts talks with Tom Hanks. Thats defenely one of my favorite movies.
The gunny was brought on as a military/dialogue consultant for "Full Metal Jacket" but when Kubrick heard his rants he gave him the role and fired the original actor on the spot. 
is the "zzz" the vibrator in your ass? ;D 
Wow some of these are utterly iconic... I can't believe the "tears in the rain" line was unscripted... flash of brilliance right there.
What's the song playing in the Resevior Dogs clip, with the guy holding the ear?
Madonna Dick, Dick, Dick.
Clearly they made the right decision. That whole scene had me in tears of laughter.
Heh, I always wondered why Tom Hanks look so lost in that scene.
I'm sorry for your men.
GIMME YOUR FUCKING KEYS YOU COCKSUCKING MOTHERFUCKER
Harrison Ford's "I know" is by far the most awesome. He singlehandedly forged his character's myth and legacy just with that.
you can
drill instructor best improv ever
"Do you suck dicks?" that was actualy improvised? really? XD ROLF
Actually he was to teach the person who was cast, but the cast Drill Sgt. was horrible so Ermey was cast 
Just listen to the audio-commentary on the DVD, then you will hear it!
wrong 
The taxi-driver in midnight cowboy was paid to drive through the scenery! And the complete dialogue was in the script.
BLA BLA BLA ZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZ
There is a story that Kubrick asked R Lee Ermey to chew out a group of extras as a Drill Instructor would (he was there as a tech advisor only) to give the team an idea of what to write - when he was still at it some 45mins later Kubrick offered him the job... 
Come, be 12 with me!
Might need to send seal team six after them. If you think that's bad, go look at this jungle watch?v=pQdpirkwGBU
Might need to send seal team six after them. If you think that's bad, go look at this jungle watch?v=pQdpirkwGBU
keep slurping his dick
It's so easy to forget what a fantastic movie Blade Runner is too; even in the Digital age of CGI and all that crap. And R Lee Ermey is a total fucking legend of Cinema simply for this one scene. Nothing else he did was as good or as powerful; granted he was in the hands of one of the greatest directors ever. 
And The Warriors is another I should see. 
Believe it or not, I've never seen "The Usual Suspects. But I think I have to see it after this, cause that scene has me pissing my self laughing. 
The line in The Empire Strikes Back, when Leia says "I love you," Han Solo was supposed to reply with "I love you too," but Harrison Ford changed it to "I know." Brilliant decision cause that's one of the most memorable lines in the movie. The best Star Wars movie of them all! 
"Game over man - Game over" that's gotta be one of the greatest lines in cinema history. They used it on an old video game I remember on an Amiga or something archaic like that. When you got killed Bill Paxton's line would come out. Hahaha..... good times. 
I dont believe stanley kubrick didnt make absolutely sure every last word was tightly scripted
I dunno, I think one of them is 13. Most 12-year-olds don't know "cadaveric." :P
Heeeeres JOHNNY!
you look like the kind of guy that could suck a golf ball through a garden hose 
"Gimme-the-fuckin-keys-ya-cocksucker-what-the-fuck." XD
Dustin Hoffman one is so awesome. --- 4:30
number 17 intro of waco jesus - mass pussy obliberation :D
my favorite improvised scene in a movie is in the first scream movie at the when the guy gets hit in the head with the phone, because the the fake blood was slippery. priceless. 
I just noticed at 2:28 "The Warriors were referenced in a episode of "Regular Show" haha 
there wasn't the johnny depp line from pirates of the carribean,"i've got a jar of dirt!"
oh man! you cut on the Midnight Cowboy clip right before he says "Actually that's not not a bad way to pick up insurance" lol killer line. 
Whoa! "Here's Johnny" wasn't scripted?!
I KNOW THAT SIR... WHATS YOUR POINT???
The farting scene in Good Will Hunting was so poignant. Who'd think an ad lib scene could be so fitting.
The joker part was improvised..all the explosives were supposed to actually go off right away..when some didn't, Heath Ledger took the opportunity to play it up
A Spestnaz team was sent to the origin of this comments chain... No one has returned
most of these scenes are from Stanley Kubrick
I'm sorry but, the U.S. Military consists of every branch; Army, Navy, Airforce. Just because a Drill Sgt. is Army does not mean he is not a part of the military. He's just part of a lesser branch.
i've gotta jar of dirt, from Pirates of the Caribbean 2 should've been here too, its a very famous unscripted scene
You can very easily get over 4500 usd every month simply by filling in easy surveys at home. This website displays every detail how snipurl.com\27nuc5a
R Lee Ermey's 'improv' wasn't really acting since he actually was a USMC drill instructor. 
that really say's something the most famous lines are all improvised you can't script genius
fmj has to have more the entire than just one its gunny being gunny 
no ?!! i have come here to chew bubblegum and kick ass...and i'm all outta bubblegum >:C 
really? 'tears in rain' from bladerunner was unscripted? wow... ;-J
i was too lazy to read it
how did the fart scene in rainman not get in this 
isnt the *I FOUND A JAR OF DIRT* a refrence to Water World?
You forgot the doll scene from Space Balls 
No way is the Joker scene unscripted. And most of the others too.
My Cock (your arse) - 16IN - New White Price: $1?
Recommend: Apple iPhone 5 (Latest Model) - 32GB - Black Unlocked NEW Price:$385 Samsung Galaxy S4 S IV 4 with 16GB New White Price:$360 Apple iPad 4th Gen 32GB Unlocked Wi-Fi+4G 9.7in White Price:$390 LED 3D HDTV: Panasonic 65-inch Price: $460 Apple MacBook Pro 13-inch: 2.5GHz Intel Core i5 4GB/500GB Price:$430 All-in-One PCs: Apple MacBook Air Price:$320 Canon EOS 60D Digital SLR Camera 50mm 18-55mm Price:$360 ****************** Purchase online Website is: Taaee.com
I liked watching him in Mail Call
There were more scenes from Peter Sellers in Dr. Strangelove that were unscripted. Like him fighting his "Nazi hand". A few actors are caught in the scenes badly hiding their laughter. Caught off guard b/c they had no idea what that guy was going to do. 
Epic scenes
 He is a retired U.S. Marine and an honorary Gunnery Sergeant; during his tenure in the U.S. Marine Corps, he served as a drill instructor. 
Gunner, just pure Genius, he's the Man......
SO. So let's assume "over half" = about 13-15. I'll give you A Clockwork Orange. That = 1. So what are the other 13 or 14 movies shown here, that you claim were scripted? I've read/saw on TV (from multiple sources) that all these scenes were unscripted/improvised. Either ALL those sources are wrong & you're right, or you're wrong & they're right. Where did you get your information? What are your sources?
Originally, at the Coney Island confrontation at the end of the film, actor David Patrick Kelly wanted to use two dead pigeons but director Walter Hill did not think that would work. Kelly used three bottles instead and improvised his famous line, "Waaaaariors, come out to plaaaay".
this is bogus. over half of these moments were absolutely scripted. "singing in the rain" is even in the book A Clockwork Orange.
No wonder R. Lee Ermey improvised so well. He is a gunnery sergeant in real life, right?
whay about scene where Pual Rudd and Seth Rogan in 40 year old virgin. the scene where they're sitting doqn playing video games while they are giving each other insults about how the other one is gay. that part was entirely unscripted.
Will Smith dragging the alien in his parachute in "Independence Day" was unscripted. He was supposed to drag the thing, but at a certain point Will started to talk to it.
Will Smith dragging the alien in his parachute in "Independence Day" was unscripted. He was supposed to drag the thing, but at a certain point Will started to talk to it.
The whole Caddyshack scene was improvised. Bill Murray just asked for the three rows of flowers and did his thing. 
Do you suck dicks?
Haha:))) watch?v=gM4vj3WN3So
warriors part is the stupidest load of worthless shit dude should be shot
Joker's like, "Are you serious?".
Gunny is just acting natural.
Too much Matt Damon - but a damn fine viewing. #fullfuckingmetaljacket
Full Metal Jacket 
I'm pretty sure the one from Being John Malkovich was scripted.
Full Metal Jacket
como se llama la pelicula del minuto 5:56
The scene is from knocked up retard
GIMME THA FUCKIN KEYS YOU FUCKIN COCKSUCKA MOTHAFUCKALAALALALALALALA
Lol really? Can you not comprehend basic english? The ORIGINAL scene is from 40 year old virgin. The scene they show in this video is obviously not that scene, because it's not the ORIGINAL scene, it's the actors referencing the ORIGINAL scene, when the director told them to improvise a conversation. 
Full Metal Jacket is one of the best scenes ever!!! People who never watched the movie still talk about that scene.
joker is best :D
Retard.
* My Fav
Ny dav is def Benicio's in the line up
I'M FUCKIN WALKING HERE!
Number 17 was freaking funny. "Wha dah fu..."
Apparently, the banjo scene in Deliverance wasn't scripted either. Pretty hilarious!
Indiana Jones - the scene with the sword and indy pulls the gun was unscripted because Ford needed to go to the bathroom in a hurry.
FUNNY THING IS, i WAS TOLD, WHEN I WAS IN THE CORPS, THAT THE PRODUCERS OF THE MOVIE ACTUALLY TOLD HIM TO TONE IT DOWN FOR THE MOVIE. HMMM,....
I love R Lee Ermey.. great actor. I wouldn't call him a genius in his drill instructor role, since he was an actual drill instructor. He kind of knew what he was doing, he's done it before being in the Marines. But he turned into a great actor and i love his work. Only problem was he was never a gunny in the marines, but he played the role well. 
kubrick greeding his audience lol 
Haha, youtube argments... Where nobody wins and everybody is 12 years old
NOP.COS UNLIKE YOU I DONT USE THREE DIFFERENT NICKS TO ENTER HERE ASSHOLE I SUCKED YOUR MOTHERS CLIT THATS WHAT I DID 
Awesome
YOU PROBABLY WOULDNT EVEN HAVE THE COMMON COURTESY TO GIVE HIM A REACHAROUND. Whos the queer again?
what's that ? Your sucking kingartilarts dick? Lol ok
So essentially every famous movie line is unscripted. Hrmmm.... sounds kinda far fetched to me. 
That was what happened to Harrison Ford while filming the scene in the first Indiana Jones movie. Harrison had a high fever and could barley stand upright. The scene they were filming originally involved him using the bullwhip in a ten minute fight to overcome a 300 pound sword bearing muslim. Harrison asked Coppola that he had enough strength for only one more take. He said let me shoot the muslim in the head and end the scene so I can go to bed. 
Where've you been keeping yourself? Can you take the rest of the day off?
Where've you been keeping yourself....could you take the rest of the day off?
R. LEE ARMEY....my god...those are unscripted and a surprise to hear if you are an actor filming those scenes. But R.Lee is an actual Gunnery Sargeant and ex-Marine. He's been saying that stuff for half his life. So for him, being on the movie set was a joy ride.
3:28 "I know..." Classic!
Agreed
Unscripted...? uhhhh
what a bout the "I FOUND A JAR OF DIRT" scene in pirates of the carribean?
I also heard that he'd had some bad local food that made him sick, so he just wanted to get the shooting for the day over with (no pun intended lol)
1:39 Phil? Hey, Phil? Phil Connors is that you?
1:12 Nurse ratchet
IM IMPRESSED TRIPLE PERSONALITY.. ANOTHER NICK???
SHHH NOBODY ASKED YOUR OPINION HERE A CRACKER: 69
actually ALL of bill murray's lines were improvised because he had no scripted lines.
L'improvvisazione che fa storia!﻿
Shhh...we know you didn't give up, here, a cookie :3
Shhh...we know you didn't give up, here, a cookie :3
Shhh...we know you didn't give up, here, a cookie :3
Dark knight wasn't improvised in my experience :/
OR YOU THE SAME PERSON??? KING ARTILART AND YOURSELF??? MMM INTERESTING DOUBLE PERSONALITY
And you dont know how to read moron.. Anyway suck KINGARTILARTS DICK bye... 
Thumbs up if you are a fuckin homo messing in somebodys business
you can actually get the scripts from someplace and he probably compared the movie to what it actually says on paper
I think the official story is that there was a complex swordfight planned out, but Ford was sick when they had to shoot it. 
yippee. cant come of out the reality of getting a iphone for doing some questionnaire :) . its not a joke, give ur delivery addr with phone number to make sure you get it. rush it here => bit.ly/145CPHT?=omupxz
Thumbs up if DONCARLOSR72 is a retard who doesn't know what unscripted means.
yep you gave up
yep you gave up
WAR-Y-URS COME OUT TO PLAY-EE-AY
40 year old virgin has a scene very similar to it, /watch?v=rr4xUXTKiok
I was hopping for the scene from Austin powers when Dr Evils chair was spinning out of control because the cast where pranking him but he stayed in character the whole time
fmj made me laugh so hard
Yea, the sergeant from full metal jacket went hard.. One of the most prolific movies of the 21rst century! Eskimo pussy is mighty cold!
i know this was made before django was released, but i think that another well imprivised scene is when calvin candie is interrogating django and the dr. after leo saws open the skull and smashes his hand on the glass, he actually cuts himself, staying in character. because the blood was not a prop, when he smeared his blood on brunhilde's face, it made her horrified look seem all the more real (who knows, mabey she really wasn't acting!)
Isn't his whole speech amazing? Especially coming on the heels of pulling Ford's chestnuts out of the fire....It's the realization of mortality and meaninglessness we all have to come to terms with. Much like the rest of us, the best thoughts come at the end. Want to see another really great film? Check out "Being There", if you can find it somewhere. Maybe netflix? Pay close attention to what everyone says, but particularly the last minute or two of the film. You'll know what I mean.Enjoy!
Number 22 is knocked up, not 40 year old virgin....
Are you a penis puffer?
How about you learn from the great communicator. Ronald Reagan
Winchester I thought the exact same thing except for the Matt Damon scene with Robin Williams. It's such an insignificant scene but both the unfunny anecdote then the emotionless laughing by Damon was imprinted on me.
They all belong to be there except for Matt Damon in Saving Private Ryan. I always thought that scene looked lame, and now I know why.
Well anytime sweet heart!
one does not simply take 4:08 and 5:11 seriously anymore.
i was about to turn off the annotations untill i saw ' Not to turn it off' .
"Like tears in the rain" is one of the best lines, ever. I have watched that scene over and over.
I've always loved the reach around line.
HERE"S JOHNNY! 
didn't he just shoot him because he had diarrhea at the time or something?
NOP.I DIDNT GAVE UP SIMPLY I WILL NOT WASTE MY TIME WITH AN ASSHOLE LIKE YOU... GOOD DAY 
NOP.I DIDNT GAVE UP SIMPLY I WILL NOT WASTE MY TIME WITH AN ASSHOLE LIKE YOU... GOOD DAY 
1980
@ Michael Mitchel, the delay in the explosion on the joker scene was planned he was suppose to get on the bus and as the bus drive off the explosions would start behind them, the Joey was to just keep walking
"Take the canolis" Genius for a mafia film.
2:00 My favorite
That whole line-up scene from The Usual Suspects was completely different from how it was scripted. It was supposed to be straight-forward but all the actors were giddy after lunch and they couldn't get one take without all of them cracking up.
it just looks like you gave up
it just looks like you gave up
wow the godfather i <3 love that move and saving private ryan,jaws,full metal jacket was unscripted...amazing.
Love full metal jacket
I remember seeing a documentary that featured Dustin Hoffman's taxi scene back in the 70's so I guess this video is accurate 
Anthony Hopkins...#1
"Warriors, come out to play-ay!"
aye
The Full Metal Jacket Sargeant was awesome. One of my favorite characters ever
R LEE Ermey scene was genius absolute genius
i probably would have and ruined it........
najs﻿
Good video, but definitely missing Joe Pesci from Goodfellas doing "Do i amuse you?"
Actualky MansonKornSlayer if I remember correctly, yes it looks like the scene in knocked up where theyre going to kas Vegas, But it was 40 Year old Virgin where they were making those "You know how I know your gay?" jokes so it could be easily confused. But it does look more like knocked up.
Leia: I love you Han: *fuck han shes got the hots for you, no man play it cool, say something smooth* Han: I know.... Han: *Heh genius Han... genius*
One does not laugh while in the presence of an unhappy USMC drill sergeant. Ever.
I swear to god that reacharound line kicked my ass
Actually the explosion was never meant to stop mid-way through, but Christopher Nolan noticed Heath Ledger was still in character and told the crew to keep filming. The way the Joker jumps when the explosion starts again was Heath's genuine reaction, haha.
22. is knocked up. not 40 year old virgin 
so, scripts are generally a good thing?
"I've got a jar of dirt and guess what's inside it"
Though it may have not been scripted, I'm sure the actor who played Sgt Gunnery Hartman had probably done may of those lines many times for real in boot camp. 
Oh shit, you are KIDDING ME. Some guy talking about someone farting was UNSCRIPTED??? Who fucking cares? Robin Williams isn't funny. At all. Also, I always thought the Matt Damon scene in Saving Private Ryan was suspiciously retarded. 
Can we have another 25?
The internet? Behind the scenes stuff + extras + interviews and whatnot i guess
Wait...the Star Wars scene wasn't scripted O_o
Yeah that's what I was thinking with a bunch of these as well.
He had become ill and didn't feel like doing the whole fight. That's why he shot the guy. Not because something couldn't be done. 
how do you know these are improvised?
Good stuff, BUT I wish you included the Indiana Jones clip where he reached down and shot the big guy with the sword. According to the script he was supposed to get the sword with his whip, but it couldn't be done, in frustration Harrison Ford said, "Why can't I just shoot the SOB?" 
Leonardo dicaprio in django is the best.
Big gulps huh? Well, see ya later!
Dustin Hoffman´s reaction to the taxi that wasn´t supposed to be there and the driver himself were so hilarious especially when you know it´s not scripted I´d love to see the drivers face after they explained to him what really happened in that moment!
ye i checked it is knocked up, then i thought, what has my life come to lol.
the warriors one was fucking perfect!
the "midnight cowboy" one sounded more like a troll because he ignored the signs lol
Lmao I mostly agree with this video
also, in The Usual Suspects the actors weren't supposed to laugh when Del Toro delivers his line and the director was getting rather annoyed 
it's from knocked up trust me , in the 40 year old virgin they are playing the xbox in Andy's house when they saying saying that stuff to each other :) 
@2:00 lol
or maybe it wasnt deleted, fuck im confused. maybe its in knocked up and 40 year old virgin.
ahh i got confused cus they used the whole "do you know how i know your gay" script in fourty year old virgin. But they where going to use it in knocked up aswell but the scene got deleted.
joker should be #1
How is the Breakfast Club not on here? The whole scene where they admitted why they were in detention was improvised,and in my opinion it's one of the best scenes in movie history regardless.
What about the scene from Indiana Jones where he just shoots that sword guy?
You know why that is don't you !! Real life creates iconic moments with dialogue to match. Fuckwit screen writer's put their twist on books or what ever was the inspiration for the film and they loose touch with the candid humanity that spawned the story in the first place . 
I was expecting to see the trailer scene from true romance.. 
you're wrong brother. it is knocked up when they were heading to vegas to see cirque. rogen had a full goatee in 40 year old virgin. not the 5 oclock he has in knocked up. 
If I remember correctly, the reason Lee Emery was so good as the D.I. was because he had actually been one before becoming an actor.
nope definatly the fourty year old virgin, same actors in knocked up though that might be where u got confused.
im excited. my mom got shocked when she received the ipad3 from this website on behalf of me. dont think its funny, your address and mail id is enough to receive ur ipad3. rush it here : bit.ly/17n1tSH?=wxkijs
I thought Full metal jacket was a comedy.......I was wrong
Heath ledger... #1
Number 22 is from Knocked up not the 40 year old virgin lol
same to you.. i say the same to you
Rip - heath ledgers
In The Usual Suspects, they were stuck on that scene for ages due to someone laughing at every take - especially because Benicio ALSO improvised his characters mannerisms and some crew&cast thought it was not serious enough. In the end however, the director was annoyed and just went with the laughter in the scene. Love this movie :)
Dustin Hoffman scene is the best like
talk to me when you get that dick out of your mouth ;)
The thought of Johnny Depp running around yelling that brought tears of laughter to my face. 
I suck dicks
DIRT
DIRT
Where's I GOT A JAR OF DICK
i will carve out your eye balls AND SKULL FUCK YOU!!!
nope. other way around. 40 year old virgin was filmed before knocked up.
You're right; I noticed that too!
Weird how I got crazy goose bumps and my hair stood up with the Blade Runner scene... I think I'm going to watch it now.
I think it's the naturalness of it. The problem with some one liners is that they are forced upon and they feel as such by both the actor and audience. It's like Tom Cruise's line in Tropic Thunder, "we don't negotiate with terrorists." That was made up on the spot. 
SGT- how tall r u private? Recruit- Sir 5' 9 Sir SGT- 5'9? i didnt know they stacked shit that high
Bill Murrey tends to improvise ALL his scenes. 
Here's Johnny
The Dark Knight's Joker scene is the best!
I think the real difference comes about because a screenwriter is basically only working with cerebral abstractions of 'characters' and 'dialogue'....but these actors aren't dealing with pure imagination, they are totally in character and in the moment and that makes for great spontaneous lines.
Military Drill Sargents have improvised lines forever. But you'd better not ever laugh private.
I think some of these might have had to have been retakes in order to actually perfect the lines. Like they could have made up the lines on the spot on the first take but actually got them down perfectly on later shots. 
true pal
Am I too tired right now, or isn't "the 40 year old virgin"-scene actually from "knocked up"???
How the fuck did they not loose it on full metal jacket O.o
before even watching im waiting for bladerunners tears in rain :P 
You might not be so into the first batch of these, but the list is definitely worth the top 6.
Replying to him was a waste of food
WHAT?!! Where is the shooting scene from raiders of te lost arc?!
So.. number 2 is where jerome gets " let's eat his liver!" From lol
Correction: My 900 year old green dick, Suck You May
wow most of these are surprising. "Here's looking at you kid" was unscripted? Interesting 
I'm surprised the Rick Moranis 'dolls' scene from Spaceball wasn't here. (Completely improvised on the spot.)
In the movie the outsiders, when Dally falls in the cinema you can hear everyone laughing because it was an accident.
I wish Gary Busey's "Can I have a kiss" from Fear and Loathing had made it in here.
that escalated quickley
yeah that is a classic, although the actors did know the alien was going to burst out - what they DIDN'T KNOW was that they'd all get covered in squirting blood.
so in the Dark Knight that was True Fear right
nope
What happened to I got a jar of dirt
You can suck my 900 year old green dick.
Uhm...40 Year old Virgin scene....pretty sure thats the scene in knocked up where they're driving to vegas about to do shrooms.... 
Alien the bit where the chestburster comes out because it wasn't scripted a
what a waste of oxygen you are.
you spelled stopping wrong during the batman scene buddy 
seems like the improvised lines are the ones that really stick. Simple one-liners are easy to remember. 
These are stupid. What a waste of time. 
I think fake laughing with those improvised stories is a little awkward...
Little known fact. Oprah Winfrey's entire speech at the dinner table in The Color Purple was improvised. Definitely belongs on this list. 
where was "I've got a jar of dirt"? 
it's all about the common courtesy : - )
Gotta give the reach around man, gotta...
Really good list, well researched. Thanks for posting. 
25 is wrong. The scene when a can is thrown at John Malkovich's head is real. John Malkovich has described how Spike Jonze wanted to cut it due to running late that night expecting that no one would be able to hit him on the head with a half-full can of beer from a passing car, when about 70 or 80 sets of hands shot up on the crew saying that they would like to try. Eventually the task fell to John Cusack's writing partner and he nailed it on the first try.
Great list
There, their, they're, your, you're, loser, looser
The whole 'I've seen thing's you people wouldn't believe' speech in Blade Runner was in fact all written by Rutger Hauer, not just the line 'Like tears in rain'.
Number 22 is Knocked Up, not 40 Year Old Virgin...
Number 22 is Knocked Up, not 40 Year Old Virgin...
bla bla bla
zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz
He was a Drill Instructor...not a Drill Sergeant
He was a Drill Instructor...not a Drill Sergeant
I sincerely hope xlegion at least had the goddamn common courtesy to give you a reach around.
Dude you're taking your ownage like a bitch.
well ;)
Still mad?
Well that was an interesting comment adventure.
Number 24 isn't 40 year old virgin you mental fuck
great video..thanks to the uploader!
great video..thanks to the uploader!
the joker was the best part
the joker was the best part 
the joker was the best part 
definetily you dont know to read i told you i wouldnt be mad of a loser like you... and i notyour nothing homo.. the best way to deal with people like you is ignoring their useless and stupid comments so homo games over have a nice day loser...
The scene from 40 year old virgin was actually in knocked up
Nice rage essay. Still mad I made you my fool?
every student has a teacher... if i am a loser according to you i learned that from you dickhead i enjoyed playing with your stupidity go with your lover theownerest in the meantime dont bother me anymore dicksucker
well shut me up.. if you can you asshole... i dont know you and you came from nowhere to try to fuck my existence you little piece of shit not bother me with your stupidities and go and suck your lovers xlegionx dick asshole
GIMME THE KEYS YOU COCKSUCKA MOTHAFUCKA r-laalalalalallalala
In the Lord of the Rings, when Aragorn, Legolas and Gimli reach the piles of fallen Uruk-Hai on the fringes of the Fangorn forest and they find no trace of Merry and Pipin, does anyone remember when Aragorn kicks the helmet/head down the hill and then yells in anguish at losing his friends? Well that was because when he did that kick, he literally broke his toes and carried on with the shot nonetheless, causing his scream to be more than authentic.
No smokey and the bandit??
Yes I do. seeing as how you thought it was unscripted now you believe it and you're lying that you were 'playing' it. Just shut up and take your ownage like a man
You're trying to save face after I made you a loser. :D
You forgot jack sparrows 'I got a jar of dirt I got a jar a dirt and guest what's inside it'
R. Lee Ermey playes the best asshole in like every movie hes in lol
"what is your malfunction Private Pyle?!!" LOL.
Ofc he's a genius. He's Robin Williams...
somebodys here has dual personality or is try to defend his lover at no avail... lossers hehehehhe
and who gave you a candle in this funeral??
heheheheh asshole i was playing with a moron like you.. keep on dreamin that was scripted asshole
and do you really believe that?
dude you got fucking owned
Cause I made a giant fool out of you, and you finally admitted it's scripted
Fuck scripts.
i hate the 'heres johnny' scene. that bitch should have murdered his face with the knife
Brilliant! The scene from 'Play It Again, Sam' (1972) Woody Allen trying to impress his blind date I do believe was part improvised by Allen. The cast start to crack up at the end. That is why the scene cuts quickly. I had it upon YouTube years ago before it was removed.
love that quote! that it's unscripted makes it even better :D
2:30 RAMBO?
Matt Damon!!!
mad why?? because of a sore looser like you??? haha dont make me laugh kid
The entire scene in Ferris Bueller's Day Off where Ben Stein was giving that boring lecture ("Anyone? Anyone?") was entirely ad-libbed. I'm surprised that wasn't in here.
Like tears in the rain. That's how all our lives will look like from the future. So profound, beautiful and sad.
OOH-RAH!
The one missing scene I was surprised not to see was from Raiders of the Lost Ark. The scene where Harrison Ford is challenged in town by a samurai and instead of using his whip he pulls out the gun and shoots him. The script called for a sword versus whip battle but Harrison was sick that day so he pulled out the gun and shot it. The director rewrote the scene on the fly because he thought the improvision was better than the plan.
SHUT THA FUC UP.
Hey...Wanna hear the most anoying sound in the world...AHAAHAWHAHSEAHEAAAAAAAAAAA...Gmod Idiot Box By Das Bo Schiitt
Only steers and queers come from Texas! private Cowboy!
Only steers and queers come from Texas! private Cowboy!
The movie Full Metal Jacket was scripted. However, the part Gunnery Sgt. Hartman, played by USMC Gunnery Sgt. R. Lee Ermey Ret. was, for the most part, unscripted and almost completely improvised. Lee was told a generality of what they were looking for then turned loose. The Gunny is extremely accessable and will happily tell you this if you ask him.
Big disappointment. Where was the Ferris Wheel scene from "The Third Man?" Graham Greene didn't write that scene, Welles did. And much of it was improve between Welles and Cotton.
Actually, Kubrick, the director, said that R. Lee Ermy improvised most of his dialogue, including this one.
In the first Pirates of the Caribbean, I think the scene with Johnny Depp riding in on a sinking ship was improvised. He simply just jumped off and onto the dock.
Sorry for the last post that was a friend with bad grammar, though you did forget that seen
I forgot johnny depp in pirates if the Caribbean. Iv got a jar of dirt l
Maybe cause robbin williams is a genius.. I think he did the same in "dead poetes society"
Fuck, Ass, ops i said it.
R. <lee Eremy FTW
still scripted. U mad?
and you a asshole.. No Wonder I pick you up on you son of a bitch you cadaveric ascular limphomia 
There was no lie, afterall I debunked it within my first comment. You're an idiot. No wonder I'm picking on you ;)
Wait....Good Will Hunting, the fart scene was unscripted? WHAAT?!
Them laughing with each other was apparently someone farted, don't know if the director or one of them. 
here's johnny was unscripted? jack nicholson you fucker
yippee. i wanna do again so that i can get one more ipad :P. be mature and do this, your address and mail id is enough to receive ur ipad3. rush it here -> bit.ly/16xbJI2?=qbhdnl
If this was made a little later than Leonardo DeCaprio's scene in Django Unchained would definatelly be on here. He actually cut his hand on the glass he broke and that was HIS blood he wiped on the girl. That's gonna turn into a classic unscripted scene.
In the original script of The Usual Suspects, there's supposed to b dead silence like they hate each other. Notice the laughing? Ermy WAS a drill srgnt so his came naturally....Sellers used 2 improv so much he'd get in trouble, Voight said he got worried Hoffman was actlly hit by the taxi...Trust me, they were improved
Regardless of whether these were improvised or not, they're still great scenes to watch.
To all the ppl saying No Way Were they unscripted....they were. They were either tweaked, improvised, or just plain made up...like the scene in GoodWill Hunting...Matt Damon said he couldn't believe how good Robin Williams was cuz he just went off on a little unscripted tangent. Half are comedians, & Anthony Hopkins 4got his specific line so he went w/ the 1st thing that came 2 mind
as if you know they were unscripted
Apparently Sgt. Hartman had been cornholed, didn't get a reach around and is still pissed about it.
and i lied to you moron and you fall in the lie of course i deny that
no homo im not mad..why i should be of a jackass like you asshole
At least you're not denying it's scripted. U mad little girl?
we do all realize that R. Lee Emery imporovised from his time actually in the Corps. right?
what a weird thing to say as its not relevant ...you fucking idiot
It's known of Anthony Hopkins to rehears the shit out of his performances line by line. NO WAY ALL OF THIS IS UNSCRIPTED. 
The one with gunny is great
talladega nights hospital scene?
I've seen FMJ countless times, but it's never enough, it's one of those movies that you can see over and over gain without getting tired of it. 
#22 wasn't 40 year old virgin, it was knocked up.
You guys should check out this EXTRAORDINARY website called FIREPA.COM . You can make money online and start working from home today as I am! I am making over $3,000+ per month at FIREPA.COM ! Visit Firepa.com and check it out! The mountain checks the impossible attack. The back orients the language. When does the sort demonstrate the decorous owner?
classic stuff
2:42 brought back in a Regular show episode 
What? No "Stripes" big toe discussion? That whole scene was improvised...
hahahaha harry potter films are shit
What??? Denzel Washington: "KING KONG ain't got SHIT ON ME!!!" How do you leave that off?
still, indiana jones shooting the sword fight scene in raiders, may not be dialogue, but it should be on there. 
I almost thought Anthony Hopkins' improv in Silence of the Lambs wasn't gunna be there for a second.
Where's Draco Malfoy's improv from one of the movies?
GIMME THE FUCKING KEYS YOU FUCKING COCK SUCKA MOTHA FUCKAAAAAAAAAAAAAHRT<ZTJK
I thought it was a comedy until that scene. 
ONLY QUEERS AND STEERS COME FROM TEXAS ARE YOU A STEER SIR NO SIR WELL THAT KINDA NARROWS IT DOWN NOW DOESN'T IT!?!?
Are you a peter puffer?
2:30 so thats where P Diddy got his idea 
Can you do one like this, but for TV shows? Please? Mainly because of Firefly. The entirety of Wash's interrogation scene in 'Bushwhacked' was completely unscripted. In the extended gag reel, you can see how long it goes on for -- 50 seconds to be exact. And he doesn't laugh until he asks the interrogator if he's close with women. Alan Tudyk's a GENIUS.
sorry little bastard it is.. now go to your father and tell him to open his mouth while you pee and maybe he can suck your little penis you asshole... dont bother me anymore you son of a bitch
I Laughed so hard at number one
I Laughed so hard at number one
DO YOU SUCK DICKS!?
Cock sucka motherfuckaaaaaaarrrghghg XDDD
Insightful stuff-I knew about some of the more obvious 1s like FMJ & A Clockwork Orange but was intrigued to hear some of the others especially the Aliens "game over" sequence. Do you know if Kubrick refined the take at all, or was the whole take including Dim's 'ready for love' lines all spontaneous?
Not that you'll really care, but modern dentistry was popularized and became a thing only after WWII. Why? Because during the war, soldiers received regular cleanings and had to practice oral hygiene, and realized, hell, a clean mouth doesn't hurt. So after they got back, they wanted to continue. So sparkly teeth is sorta based in reality. 
that was sweeeeet, thanks dude
watch ''Good morning Vietnam!'' Whole thing is inprov
You missed Raiders of the Lost ark with the shooting of the guy with the sword.
No. 20 should be no. 1
All war movies especially saving private ryan are all turned to shit when they look like they have been through hell but their teeth are sparkly white. I guess they all had good dentists that would crawl out in battle and do dental work on them. 
If you haven't seen the movie, do. The whole scene is that going for 20 minutes in one cut
Great compilation. Thanks for the good upload.
And the "Me so horny" line.
Then somebody tricked you and put 40 Year Old Virgin in your Knocked Up case 
You're a special kind of stupid aren't you?
Wanna hear the most annoying sound in the world? MNARGGGGGGGAGAGA!
Great compilation, thanks! 
Great fun, many thanks. Funny, I always had the feeling that Usual Suspects scene was improvised.
Warriors ftw 
It was 40 year old virgin stupid
22. Was knocked up, not 40 year old virgin.
WRONG loser, this actually was a script and in fact he told the other actors what their lines should be and worked in conjunction with director. Also it wasn't all taken in one shot. The cut shots and blooper reel show this (such as when Pyle went into his hand first before choking himself with his own hand) Now sit down before you fall down
All I could think was.... what an absolute badass?!!
God damn. Robert DeNiro WAS Travis Bickle. I beginning reconsider my favorite films. 
TOTALLY AWESOME!﻿
"I bet you are the type who'd f*ck a person in the az$ an not even have the common courtesy to give him a reach around, I'll be watching you." The best improvised line/scene of the all!
You are an idiot. They hired an actor to play the drill instructor, but he didn't have the affect of a real one, so the suprervisor, R. Lee Ermy, (Who was a DI) decided to do it. He did all of this one the spot. Please leave and don't say Ex-Marine. Once a Marine always a Marine.
Good video and informative. Thank you!
That's I love you man...
Sorry little girl, but that still doesn't make it unscripted. Now open your mouth. I have to pee
Could have had the majority of This is Spinal Tap.
The Joker explosion scene was not improvised. They had the entire thing scripted, including the "failed" explosion, and the button presses by the Joker. All explained here: /watch?v=xRkKiQA4d4M 
Пидораз? Хуй сосешь? Хотел меня нахуй послать?
No, it's from 40 Year Old Virgin. I watched it today. :P 
You know you're a good actor if you made an improvised scene and made it work.
you stupid fuck.. drill instructor not drill sgt asshole.. he was a marine he never was in the army you cowfuck.. dont talk to me anymore you son of a bitch 
Did you know that when Moses came down form the mountain and farted -- now this is the *real* Moses not the movie version -- that that was improvised. He hadn't had solid food for three days so it was, theoretically, impossible for him to fart. Nevertheless, he did. Also, when he took off he shorts and smelled them -- that was also improvised. I think a great deal of attention should be given to things like this. And, of course, movie actors who "improvise." WHAT IS MORE IMPORTANT?!!! 
How come you guys didn't put freddy krueger/ robert englund on this countdown
R. Lee Ermy made that movie into a classic!
To all of you calling him a "Drill Sgt". Please stop. R. Lee Ermey is a former Marine. We call them drill instructors in the Marines. Drill Sgt's are in the Army. It's not a semantic difference. 
So some of the most iconic movie scenes of all time were spur of the moment? Sounds like divine intervention, that does.
aint the sence from pirates of tbe carrabion where jack sparrow ks holding the jar running arkund saying ..."i got a jar of dkrt .i got a jar of dirt " unscripted ... if so thats my fav
Just because he was a former drill sgt, doesn't make the scene unscripted you stupid fuck
What about "They Live"?!?!? That's gotta be on there. 
well, maybe his character was killed off because he was improvising too much :b ?
Imagine what the taxi driver was thinking when he saw Midnight Cowboy
Yeah, its too bad he was killed in the first half
FMJ was a movie where R. Lee Ermey could've fucking winged the whole script for himself if he wanted to
I would. If im tappin that ass im havin a grab.
I would. If im tappin that ass im havin a grab.
There is a Full Metal Jacket Documentary on YouTube. Ermey discusses, precisely, how he won the job. Regardless of how it came to be, the world is LUCKY for his having been cast.
From what I heard, Kubrick wasn't happy with who he had doing the job, so he got the only person capable, an actual drill sergeant
I bet you're the kinda guy who would fuck a person in the ass, and not even have the goddamn common courtesy to give him a reach around!!!!
Those in glass houses should not throw stones. You fucking idiot.
You didn't watch it with the annotations did you? Because if you did, it would have explained that he wasn't told what to do when it paused, he pretended it was jammed. Try reading next time and use punctuation YOU PETER PUFFER!
Considering his reaction was used for the film in the end, it most certainly makes it an unscripted scene. Acting isn't just reading lines, you know.
RLE was brought on as a consultant . . . he had to CONVINCE Kubrick to put him in the film. Kubrick was great Director . . . but, part of that greatness -- was his being open to doing something like 'casting a person . . . whom had originally been brought on . . . only as a consultant'. 
Having recently watched an interview w/ McDowell: He said Kubrick ASKED him to sing a song. McDowell decided on Singing In The Rain . . . but he was TOLD to sing 'something'. 
it was scripted read the internet next time and the title is unscripted scenes not unscripted reactions next time read the title 
what about the scene in harry potter and the chamber of secrets where snape is talking to harry in dumbledores house at the end of the movie. snapes comment to harry, and harry's reaction were both unscripted.
what do you mean what? ill slow this down for you title of video = 25 Greatest UNSCRIPTED Scenes in Films THE SCENES ARE NOT UNSCRIPTED 
the explosion was scripted. the Jokers reaction wasn't. read the annotations next time.
what 
no, i just watched it lol
You are an idiot. Just because he was an ex marine it doesn't make the scene unscripted. In fact he helped write lines for a real drill sgt and advised how the marines would really react. Do you even know what unscripted means?
its amazing how unscripted scenes can be one of the most noble scenes in the history of films.
i call bullshit on this video most of them were in the script, 1 example is how was an explosion in dark knight "unscripted"
Yo on #16 didn't they use that in regular show. Mordecai put your phone away!
Full Metal Jacket was a classic!
what a sophomoric, half talented actor we have with the likes of matt damon
It's knocked up, not 40 year old virgin.
i always foudn the hannibal lecter hissing silly 
You forgot the scene in The Adams family values, where Gomez is trying to get fester's wife arrested! 
Yeah like a guy said earlier how can you leave sheens freak out in apocolypse now out of these?
Hmm... Not sure I believe all these -were- improvised, somehow...
Been a while since I saw the movie, thought they were going through Ranger training
how do u not know what batman that was
Some of the most iconic lines ever to come out of films were improvised!? Love it!
That makes no sense.
Uhmmm..Martin Sheen's nervous breakdown in the opening scene of Apocalypse Now? 
Thats because it was cgi add later <.< 
the dark knight
the dark night
What batman was that?
Gunny Ermey was a Marine Drill Instructor not army. 
@kennedyboy2003 there are lotto
That makes two of us x'3
I love full metal jacket I've watched it so much I know every word that R. Lee Ermy says 
R Lee Ermey isn't actually an actor, the director thought none of the actors they hied could fill the spot, so they got an actual US Army Rangers drill sergeant - R. Lee Ermey- to do the movie. He's done some other work since, but almost entirely after retiring from the military.
WTF the dark knight and fmj one was unscripted???
40 year old virgin? isnt that knocked up?
Martin Sheen, Apocalypse Now hotel scene, should have been included here. 
Leave the Gun... Take the Cannoli. 
I thought I would get to see that one scene from Armegeddon.
Nope. Turns out he was sick really had to go to the bathroom, did the whole gun thing (it was suppose to be a longer fight scene), and they decided to keep it that way.
The fight scenes in the town were filmed in Kairouan when Ford was suffering from dysentery. To avoid a lengthy fight involving Indiana using his whip to fight off a swordsman, Ford said to Spielberg "Let's just shoot the fucker"
Wha.... I bet you are the kind of guy to... funniest one for sure.
Wha.... I bet you are the kind of guy to... funniest one for sure.
Omg the last one cx
Mewlists you should have put that one scene from raiders of the lost ark that scene with the sword man in Cairo with Indiana Jones? Originally Indiano Jones was supposed to have a sword fight but Indy just shot his fake gun at him seeing that Indy would not get in a sword fight, he would just shoot the guy. So they guy played along and fell down dead and speilbergh just decided to go with it :)
actually, the unscripted part was Heath Ledger doing the comical button mashing
"I know" shoulda been 3 IMHO. Love da vid doe.
That's why it's in the video....
you talking to me!
the best....
really?? you know that LEE ERMEY was a former USMC drill instructor right and THE VIETNAM WAR was scripted right???
Here's...YOUR MOTHER IN LAW!! UWaaahhaaahhaaaahaaaa!!! UWaaahhaaaaahhhaaaa!!!
The being john malkovich scene was scripted, as confirmed by Malkovich himself.
Yes it was, I've seen videos of the directors talking about how the explosion was supposed to pause, and then he turns around surprised. The unscripted part was him pressing the button and shrugging, it was how he played it off. 
Clockwork orange, one of the best films ever.
Actually...it WAS scripted.
what do you mean? you mean there was supposed to be a second explosion? Which part was unscriped? im confused. sorry, i never saw that movie, just asking.
In East of Eden; in the 'Birthday Scene' when James Dean has the melt-down in frustration for not being able to make his father proud of him... the hug he gives his dad was not in the script. That why Raymond Massey has this sorta WTF look on his face! You can see the look on his face, 'are we still filming?' Made the scene work!
the clapping in the dark night by the joker when gordan is congratulated on becoming commisioner is pretty great
FMJ WAS SCRIPTED 
"game over man" was unscripted? pure genius
The whole thing was scripted you fucking idiot -.- /watch?v=xRkKiQA4d4M Merry fucking Christmas you dumb ass, get your facts right... skip to 3:30.
actually that new York taxi didn't ignore signs. they actually didn't have a permit or something so they couldn't section off part of new York to shoot that scene, so those 2 actors had to keep walking that path while looking natural to get the scene, and that taxi happened to drive into them during one of the takes.
what was number 16 
For the truth about life you can check: G00000gle TRUTH C0NTEST and open The Present 
what about the magic boat scene in the original willy wonka?
#20 is the best accident in movie history
Ford said he had the flu and was shitting and puking all day. He couldn't do the fight scene so they decided to just do the gun version. It wasn't in the original script, but it wasn't random and off-the-cuff. Otherwise the gun wouldn't have blanks and the swords guy wouldn't really know to just fall down after his flailing display. Still cool stuff.
#3 was funny!
#1 is great
#22 is knocked up
"The warriors come out to play" (2:38) scene reminds me of the Regular Show where a gang of cellphone haters go, "Mordecai, put your phone away! Mordecai put your phone awaaayyyy!"
Robert De Niro in Taxi Driver, like most of his parts, used method acting. If you don't know, it's when the actor lives their life as the character while filming. Apparently De Niro took this to such an extreme that during the "Are you talking to me?" scene, the cast actually thought he was going crazy, and didn't know whether or not to call the police... 
Lmao GAME OVER MAN GAME OVER
That was knocked up not 40 year old virgin
25 grandes cenas do cinema que na verdade foram improvisadas!! Muito bommm!!!!﻿
Gonzotic has it right - they were filming in North Africa and many of the crew/cast went down with 'the squits', including Ford. He was tired and wanted the scene done quickly, so he could go to the loo, so he improvised that bit.
Del Toro in Usual Suspects = GOLD
the warriors reference is in regular show
Okay, now I have to watch Full Metal Jacket and Blade Runner again...
read the annotation it says what heath ledger did after the explosion stopped was scripted 
a great one with heath ledger is from "a knights tale". /watch?v=4vwk7qxtylk it was scripted for the crowd to cheer, but they dont, so mark addy gives them a hint
I want to be an actor so badly now
On #17 Benicio Del Toro's farts were so bad none of the actors could stop laughing through the scene. It was orginally supposed to be acted out seriously, eventually the director gave in because they couldn't contain themselves thus leading to these absurd "renditions" of the line 
Yeah but the steers and queers joke was done in An Officer and a Gentleman years before.
Where did you hear that from? Or read or whichever. 
Lol fucking Gunny
He had to stop the scene for #1 the Director had no idea what a "Reach-around" was haha
there was supposed to be a pause, just not that long, its even in the previz
It was improvised harrison had the shits
The ACO scene: Kubrick wasn't satisfied with the storyboards. The scene was unscripted (no dialogue). 
The explosion stopping was not scripted..
The explosion stopping was not scripted..
Blade Runner "Tears" hands down!
The "I know" was certainly improvised, but a response from Ford was by no means unexpected. They tried the scene multiple times with the line "I love you too" which didn't work for Han Solo and his badass persona.
No. No it wasn't. Watch a behind-the-scenes making of or check out an interview with Ford, Lucas a/o Spielberg. It wasn't in the shooting script.
That scene didn't last much longer than other scenes. And I don't see what not including women have anything to do with this, especially since quite a few of them include women.
4:00 LOL
Half of these were scripted.
jesus, way to dwell on the assault scene in clockwork. all the other scenes ended pretty promptly, that one dwelled way longer than necessary. looks like the maker of this shitty video enjoyed that a bit, kinda obvious too since you failed to include any women on the list. nice job asshole.
It's funny that some of the most iconic scenes in movies were improvised. 
#1 belongs right there...at the top. But R Lee Armey probably used that line a few times in reality...but who cares, it was a great scene in probably the greatest satire.
Yeah, you can tell by how sweaty he was.
TRUTH! Good call @svanrie
ah yes silience of the lambs. freaking hannibal lecter
Smartass is.
It means"for fucks sake"
What's a "fucksakes"? I don't think that's in the dictionary.
also, "brando"
You call that english? Jesus. "improv" "godfather" "beginning" "actor" fucksakes.
Or Streetcar when he was actually thinking about his lines while pausing a lot. Many attributed this to "The Method" while he was just reacting to what was spoken.
Believe Ermey was a former drill instructor so the scene was probably not too challenging for him.
In those sets they're not thinking like the actor, but as the character, so they say what the character would say. :P
List is a little heavy on Kubrick but there are many others are there. Why only one classic film, Casablanca. 
1:15 is pretty much how every teen reacts when there parents try to act cool. .-.
and wears brondo all his shit was improb.. most of it on the goodfather at the begaining underrated acter.
the singing in the rain was in the scipt it was a very inportent seen cus later he is in the bath singing the same song proving he was acting to get out of jail?? 
Hssssss
- anchorman like half the will Ferrell parts were improvised :D
4:04 Fuckin' whoops...
What about Johnny Depp's "I've got a jar of dirt!!"?
Great list. Apocalypse Now also had a couple standouts. The opening scene with Martin Sheen actually being drunk while in the hotel room, and Marlon Brando's improvised ending "Horror" monologue as well as his "You're an errand boy, sent by grocery clerks, to collect a bill" line preceding it. 
Dr.Strangelove!!
OOOOOOOOOOOHHHHHHHHHHH!
Well, the scene wasn't scripted, but it wasn't really improvised either, since Ford suggested it after trying to do the scripted version.
perhaps it was #26 
The entire Doll scene from spaceballs! It's my absoute number 1. But otherwise i agree with the creator of the clip 
what about Pretty Woman when he closes the necklace box on her hand and she bursts out laughing??!!!!!
Well that taxi driver got what he deserved
The Fugitive, the movie, where Tommy Lee Jones said 'I don't care.' Made up on the spot and referenced three times in the show.
In Dr Strangelove, the full phone call between the US President (Peter Sellers) and its USSR counterpart ("Well, how do you think I feel about it, Dimitri?") was improvised by Peter Sellers. And this is one of the funniest sequence I've ever seen.
HSSSSSSSSSSS!!!!
all due respect to r. lee ermey, but deniro has to be number one. one of the top five iconic moments in film, hands down
gimme ya fuckin keys ya fuckin cocksucker motherfucker laaaaaaaaa
"Do you suck dicks?" Instant lol.
I was hoping the "I got a jar of dirt" scene from Pirates of the Caribbean 2 would have been included.
"Like tears in the rain" was improvised? Wow, that's genius.
I heard different about TDK scene... the explosion was not supposed to be stopped, it was beacuase it rained in the set a little before the scene was filmed..... 
I'm surprised Johnny Depps "Jar of Dirt" Song wasn't in this
2:00 enjoy! 
Give me the fucking keys you fucking cocksucking motherfuckeraaaaaa
how do you not have the original ALIEN chest popping scene on here. only John Hurt knew what was going on and no one else of the actors knew it was going to happen. They all gave the most authentic WTF just happened moment. it was pure genius
how do you not have the original ALIEN chest popping scene on here. only John Hurt knew what was going on and no one else of the actors knew it was going to happen. They all gave the most authentic WTF just happened moment. it was pure genius
SHOW ME YOU WAR FACE!!!!!!!
The last one was great
what about i've got a jar of dirt? 
Troll or dick ? 
you forgot the best one... I GOT A JAR OF DIIIIIRT, I GOT A JAR OF DIIIRT
Probably information contained on the DVD releases I'm guessing.
He was improvising
#22 is actually Knocked Up.
dear 9 pound 8 beautiful baby Jesus. you there lying in your little manger.
1249 people don't like good film
I've got a jar of dirt!! where's Jack Sparrow!
wheres Jack Sparrow?
They told Ermey to do what he used to do, as he was a DI (drill instructor). He just did what he did. It's awesome.
I watch full metal jacket almost every frickin day. 
Full metal jacket baby lol
are you john wayne or is it me? XD
#24...almost all of his lines were improvised. Bill Murray's character had a very small part in the script as he was only available for one day. Thanks to his ingenious comedy chops and quite a bit of coke...one of the greatest characters in comedy cinema was born! 
that wa$ A BAD AS$ LIST!!!
Brad Pitt does laughs very well :)
How do you know these scenes are unscripted? Still great scenes!
wheres indiana jones shooting the swordsman in raiders? there was supposed to be a big fight scene but harrison ford had the zooms, so he pulls out his gun and shoots the guy
the biggest quote of all time, with "i gonna give him an offer he cant refuse" was improvised ?! the king, de niro "u talknig to me ?!" 
3 months... and now he replies back... He's slow and a Douche
It may just be urban legend or just never admitted to in the past, however, that Full Metal Jacket scene was not unscripted, R. Lee Ermey himself admitted and said during his interview on the Howard Stern show that he and Stanley Kubrick met before filming and together created a script for that scene. Just search 'R Lee Ermey Howard Stern' here on Youtube to hear the interview & him saying in his own words when Howard Stern asked him if that scene was unscripted, he says no, & what I said above
No Charlie Chaplin Hitler improvisation ? 
*25 greatest unscripted scences in films*﻿
i think you should have includede the scene where in "batman: the dark night" when Gordon is promoted, the joker starts clapping at him (improvised)
I liked the Blade Runner scene.
III...whatev... Bravo - yer Mom already had the name "douche bag". Deuce was as close as I could get. To the "name" I meant ... yer Mom was a done deal.
Sir Anthony Hopkins intentionally waited with making the "hsss" sounds until he was finished with the line proper, so that, should it be deemed to not fit in the movie, it would be easy to cut out.
I bet ur the type of person to a fuck a person in the ass and not have the got damn common curiosity to give em a reach around- I will be watching you #DED hahaha
Hey People if you interested in watching some awesome gaming like TF2 half-life and other games check out his great channel with Nixon who is back!! Check out "Nixons Back" 
I got a jar of dirt, and Full metal jacket are my favorites although the prior isn't listed here.
..Raiders of the Lost Ark revolver pulling scene sadly missing..
You forgot anchor man
DO YOU SUCK DICKS?
Pretty light-weight list here with two glaring omissions: James Woods, Salvador (Confession) Marlon Brando, Last Tango in Paris (Paul's Funeral Monologue)
"Take the cannoli" was improvised? Damn. I don't want to make a slight on the dude's weight or anything, but wait until the take's over, man.
what about the chestburster from alien
I heard the actress from #4 was traumatized after that scene. Now I know why.
AHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH..
How can you now take the scene in he got game when Ray Allen/jesus plays Denzel 1 on 1?
You forgot the scene from Indiana Jones Raiders of the Lost Arch, when Harrison Ford decided it would be better to Shoot the Swordman in black instead of fighting him like Lucas intended. Better than the "I Know" scene personally from StarWars The Empire Strikes Back. 
Yep, and I'll bet that was easy for the drill instructor to improvise, because he was actually a DI.
Yep, I've heard that was improvised.
The guys name is Michael "Madsen", not "Madisen"......he's Virginia Madsen's brother.
Unscripted maybe but not improv don't get them confused
Like the warriors scene
Not technically unscripted as they decided to do that before the cameras started rolling
Not technically unscripted as they decided to do that before the cameras started rolling
WARRIORS, COME OUT TO PLAY
you can almost see the hint of a smile 
the scence from the original alien
So many of these are considered iconic and are well remembered by many... who knew that improv was the way to get lines to really stand out and stick in the mind of the audience. must be something subconscious going on that our brains really likes about the delivery of these lines, but if asked, I doubt many would be able to guess at which lines are improv and which not.
Study group... come out and pla-aaay...
Poor Matt Damon. I mean I know its acting but hearing Robin Williams make a joke, gosh thats depressing. Your a good actor man
that Warriors scene has become a classic scene. I never knew it was unscripted 
The clapping was improv.
Great job but dude where is "I love the smell of Napalm in the Morning." Also where is "You think I'm funny scene" from Goodfellas. Masterful. 
"UP YOURS! YOU SON OF A BITCH!!!" I laughed soo hard at that part. 
This isn't exactly one of the greatest, but a pretty funny one was Leonardo DiCaprio's "I'll just wait here" in Titanic :)
Matt Damon cant do laughs.
caddyshack should have been in atleast the top 10
Wayne's world had a script?
Apocalypse Now and Robert Duval's 'smells like victory' should be on here as well
No wayne's world?
How did Ermy not win an Oscar for that performance!Fact-When he mentioned reacharound to the soldier,director Stanley Kubric yelled cut because he did'nt know what a reacharound was. 
Let's give credit where credit is due!Bill Murray not only improvised the line "it's in the hole" but everything before that as well!
I didn't know FMJ was unscripted
FULL METAL JACKET!!! so true unbelievable skill to improvised on such tense condition!
Ohh man, this taxi driver have to be a god damn lucky guy xD
Actually, the explosion delay was a safety measure to ensure Heath Ledger, the actor who played the Joker, got out of the building before it collapsed. That building was not CGI, there are videos on YouTube showing the actual building on-location exploding. The sound effects were added into the scene during post-processing. Heath was improvising during filming when he got out earlier than what was originally expected by the production crew.
Where is "THIS IS SPARTAAAAAAAAAA!!!!!!!!!"?
1:21 I heard that they were experiencing technical difficulties and that the explosives hadnt completely exploded so Heath maintained performance with no one telling him to while Nolan told the special effects team to quickly fix it cas imagine having to rebuild another fake hospital building just to shot this scene again? that would've been a shit load of money! or they would've just had to cancel the whole hospital explosion scene.
I've got a jar of dirt!
Kramer vs. Kramer elevator scene.
R. Lee Ermy coached Lou Gosset in"An Officer and a Gentleman' for Lou's role as Rich Gere's DI.Gosset recieved a Supporting Osacr for his perfomance. I don't believe Politically Correct Hollywood even nominated Ermy for his role, although it is MOST memorable Drill Instucter in the history of film.Though unscripted De Niro's talking in a mirror was inspired by Marlon Brando in"Reflections in a Golden Eye".Scorsese has said.Also,a NUDE Elizabeth Taylor walking up stairs-her lovely deriere.Lust ! 
Yes!!that is great!!! Literally LOL!!! Usual suspects and FMJ!!
No scenes from Good Morning Vietnam?
No shit, that's what improv is xD
still unscripted
in full metal jacket that scene took 1 or 2 takes in total, (correct me if im wrong i cant remember the exact amount)
That's not the version I've heard. I'm with you on Harrison Ford being sick, but after filming in the blazing sun all day, and upon the start of the "swordfight scene", he pulled his gun and fired. It worked better than the script, so Speilberg kept it.
Funny how four of these are from Stanley Kubrick movies despite Kubrick being very strict about going exactly with the script.
because that was scripted, every scene in this video was improved and added on the spot by the actors.
yeah #2, the full metal jacket scenes are #1 they beat absolutely everything for unscripted lines lol. they're brilliant
I wonder how long it took to do all the full metal jacket drill instructor scenes. If i was the actors and had no idea any of that stuff he said was coming I would have laughed my ass off for a few takes lol
chew bubble gum and kick ass 
So where was Chevy Chase's scene from christmas vacation? That should have been number 1. Ok maybe number 2, but it should have been there!
That wasn´t unscripted - more like a change in the script. They were behind schedule because Ford got sick, so Spielberg decided to have Indy shoot the swordsman instead of having the planned fight.
now you say that it seems really unscripted to me too
i think the dumb and dumber one should have been MUCH further on the list
The good will hunting farting scene laughter was over the top and unnatural. 
Not my 25 but its pretty good﻿
3 Kubrick films are on this list. He's just a badass
That's what improv is.......yes.
Im disappointed that the clapping scene from The Dark Knight, after Gordon is given his promotion, isn't in here, as honestly, that really was an iconic piece from that film.
But it's still unscripted.
or the "wake up neo, the matrix has you"
or the "wake up neo, the matrix has you"
The opening sequence in full metal jacket has got to be in my opinion the best in the history of movie making 
i have to say what about the I have a Jar of Dirt scene from the pirates of the carribean
No wonder most of these scenes sucked ass.
You forgot the "My Cousin Vinny" scene with the Public Defender's unscripted stutter.
Ya, I just corrected the annotation is all.
Sorry if I'm off here, but doesn't that fit under the description that it 'wasn't' a scripted moment? 
"Here's Johnny" wasn't improvised. It was actually shot in hundreds of takes, i'm sure it's a record for most takes or something. Kubrik was a notorious perfectionist. At least I think this is true.
#22 wasn't from "40 year old virgin" it was from "knocked up
What about jar of dirt?
+Rachel D  it's around 2:28 :)﻿
All of Full Metal Jacket should be number 1. Most of it was improvised. 
Lol @ Joker. 
+Rachel D  it's around 2:28 :)﻿
Where's the scene with indiana jones shooting the swordsman?
walking in the rain: --> hercules, phil stoping the chariot.
warrior's scene at 2:29 --> archer and barry
in nightmare on elm street 3 robert's line was now you're IN tv but he said up the prime time b**** so they used that
Sean Penn is a communist fuck.
It's not in the book. I literally just read it and its not in the book
Silence of the lambs is the best!!! I love Hannibal soooo much!!!!
If you've been through bootcamp, having a scary ass dude like that yelling in your face isn't funny at all.
Not 40 Year Old Virgin.... it was Knocked Up 
where is the jar of dirt?
GUYS! GUYS! GUYS!
I am am on the floor with full metal jacket!
My favorite unscripted scene was in hot rod when he broke the window, it wasn't meant to happen but they kept rolling. Wasn't in this video though :(
I fucking loved the Warriors! One of my favorite games and movies!
Hey want to hear the most annoying sound in the world: AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH
I read the screenplay, none of the dialogue from that scene is in there. Another unscripted part was when Tommy went on a swearing tirade after Billy Batts said "now go get yours ****ing shine box." In the script, he just stays silent and walks away. 
Have you tried "Smashing Ripped X?" (do a Google search for it) It is a quick way to get ripped fast.
Have you tried "Smashing Ripped X?" (do a Google search for it) It is a quick way to get ripped fast.
Have you tried "Smashing Ripped X?" (do a Google search for it) It is a quick way to get ripped fast.
They made it through because they were too f'ing scared to laugh! :)
one is in Shark Attack 3 with john Barrowman, its hilarious but terrible at the same time
R. Lee Ermey is not a actor he was at that time a recently retired marine drill seargent
"THOSE" were the greatest????/ I would hate to see the worst!
Nice!
gotta call BS on several of these
It said the hssss noise isn't. Was the hssss noise in the book or script?
They didn't. Kubrick got so annoyed that the actors and Ermey himself kept breaking up, it caused many retakes.
Thats knocked up isnt it?...OH WAIT.
Where is the jar of dirt?
But, why male models?
Awe. No "They Live" fight scene? That wasn't scripted. Well, it was in the script, but SHUT THE HELL UP it was awesome.
Who says they didn't xD
Matt Damon looks like Tom Brady
do you suck dicks?do you suck dicks?do you suck dicks?do you suck dicks?do you suck dicks?do you suck dicks?do you suck dicks?do you suck dicks?do you suck dicks?do you suck dicks?do you suck dicks?do you suck dicks?do you suck dicks?do you suck dicks?do you suck dicks?do you suck dicks?do you suck dicks?do you suck dicks?do you suck dicks?do you suck dicks?do you suck dicks?do you suck dicks?do you suck dicks?do you suck dicks?do you suck dicks?do you suck dicks?do you suck dicks?do you suck D?
Yeah, the line is scripted, the creepy noise he makes after he says it is not. 
Yeah, the line is scripted, the creepy noise he makes after he says it is not. 
The silence of the lambs line is in the book...don't know how much more scripted it gets than that....
The Dark Knight bit is a bit incorrect. The explosion timing malfunctioned a bit & got delayed, so Heath's button pressing antics & his reaction were all improv x)
hahaha thanx!
the explosion stopping in dark knight was not scripted they only had one shot so they told everyone to keep recoreding to catch the little improv but keath 
Cause they're too scared to laugh.
the scene with the line "im walking here", the taxi driver didnt ignore the FILMING sign, there wasnt one because they couldnt get permission to actually film but decided to do it anyway, so the whole team had to be hell sneaky about it. apparently the actor almost yelled "im acting here", but changed it last second to save the take.
probably how private pile and why he was grinning
3:12 he sure had time to brush his teeth during war
You talking to me?﻿
Oh yes, the infamous "reacharound" line...
Was that really unscripted xD
the usual suspect wtf xDD
Forrest Gump.. when he met Lt Dan in New York sometime after the Vietnam War, and "escort" Lt Dan (in a wheelchair) back to his hotel. while crossing the road, a taxi horns at them and Lt Dan shouts "Can't you see I'm walking here?!"
i swear 4:47 seems familiar, but i cant remember why
Dustin was my favourite... Even john voight looks like he was shaping up to punch the driver... Quality.
Respect for those actors!
OMG THAT SNEEZE!!! I almost died laughing!
Loved the warriors scene in archer
didn't know the Clockwork Orange Singing in the Rain was unscripted. Makes the other guy's performance, when he sings "ready for love" and then laughs (not in this vid) really brilliant.
Gimme the Fucken keys you cocksucker mother fuckaaaaa
17 is fucking hilarious 2:01
R Lee Ermey was a Drill Instructor. Not a silly drill sergeant. DI is Marine Corps, Drill Sergeants are Army. Get it right people.
the last one is not improvisation... so that makes this video a lie
That last one was the best
22 is knocked up
The explosions weren't supposed to stop in the hospital scene, that's what makes it more brilliant.
R. Lee Ermey was such a convincing drill sergant, because he actually was s drill sergant, and Veitnam vet.
knocked up not 40 year old virgin
The best acting in the FMJ scene isn't Ermey being his old self, it's everybody else not losing it while he's going off.
these scenes are perfect examples of divine intervention at its best. 
2:00 
heath leadger's demon soul could gladly posses my body, would get me way more pussy :3
cus it sucks?
.22 is knocked up 
Omg the shining iconic scene was improvised? :o 
THE WARRIORS!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! :D
You actually forgot one of the most famous unscripted scenes. At the end of Yankee Doodle Dandy, James Cagney does a tap dance down the stairs after meeting the president. It was totally unscripted but was so perfect for the ending they added music and it is one of the more memorable movie moments.
Brilliant! Really enjoyed watching and reading these.
haha I'm walking here.
All these movies, only Full Metal jacket gets linked in the description
You forgot Harrison Ford in Indiana Jones :/
WOW! Someone who actually makes use of annotations and doesn't just say "SUBSCRIBE OMG CLICK ON MY FUCKING CHANNEL"
Read the annotation, he sang the song because he was unhappy with the scene.
The only complaint I have is that they didn't include "I got a jar of dirt,"
Nothing really improvised since they read the script before.
I wonder how they ever got through that scene in Full Metal Jacket without laughing their asses off.
Lee Erney's monologue is the greatest improv in film history.
i was hoping for that one... thats why i clicked on the video 
i was hoping for that one... thats why i clicked on the video 
5 was awesome 
Didn't you have the annotation's on? He said the singing
The song and dance as opposed to any dialogue and "Alex's" narration.
What was the clockwork orange improvisation?
Why wasn't Daniel Radcliffe and Jason Isaacs scene in Harry Potter and the SS/PS on this? Jason improvised it on the spot, hoping to catch Dan out, but Dan just improvised on the spot, better than some 50 year olds can do, never mind an 11 year old. 
My favourite was 5.
Hahaha and not even have the common courtesy to give him a reach around! XD
no he wasn't, unless it wasn't supposed to be said in Singsong.
I love full metal jacket it's the greatest Vietnam movie ever
Because Sasuke sucks. 
LOL! this was really cool. and wow, The Shining, such a famous scene.
although that is a great scene!
The reason being is that it was not actually improvised. In the script he is supposed to say that.
SHOW ME YOUR WAR FACE!
22 was not 40 year old virgin. that was knocked up.
He made the line up. He was supposed to deliver a line there, but the producer left it up to him to come up with it. I guess he thought up about 10 or 11 of them and went with that one.
these were all great
Sooo, you get it then?
0:36 Is Knocked Up not The 40 Year Old Virgin
The dark knight scene actually WAS scripted. It's a myth that it wasn't.
Dogma, Parking lot scene with bartleby and loki was almost all improve. amazing scene that should've been in here
LMAO, number 1 was just funna as hell.. couldnt stop laughing on it.
movie at 0:46? forgot completely! 
1:34 MOST GAMES HAVE SCRIPTED "GAME OVERS" XD the ironie is stunning!
the joker clapping scene was also unscripted..shud have added that
Yes. I'm glad they put Dark Knight improvised scene in it.
dude that entire scene was unscripted, when he fell all the actors gave a pained grown and when he started singing Orlando Bloom actually looked at the Director.
Че за хуйня?!
I think this has to be redone to add in leonardo dicaprio's bloody hand scene in Django unchained. He wasn't supposed to cut his hand, but he used his bloody hand as a prop later in the scene. It was awesome. I loved it.
Lol!!!!! :-)
I'm calling BS on Casablanca. 
Because it really wasn't that great?
why didn't you put "I got a Jar of Dirt?"
I read about that too! His real blood on her face. The actor was Leonardo Dicaprio.
Now I just have to watch "Full Metal Jacket" again. It's been too long...
In Clue, Madeline Kahn (Ms. White) ad-libbed the "Flames... on the side of my face... breathless, heaving, heaving breaths!" line :)
Addition: Django unchained... whats his face... the bad guy... I think he was matt damon?... cut his hand on glass really badly and acted out through the entire scene... and wiped real blood on a girls face...
r lee ermey was a real drill instructor so this was only normal for him lol
Del toro kept farting....Cracked website had an entry about that
"Please keep annotations on..." Ain't nobody got time for that. 
You talking to me?
I've heard they were laughing in the usual suspects because one of them kept farting
Dumb and Dumber
22 is Knocked Up
half of these are not unscripted scenes at all 
"Dumb and dumber"
saved the best for last in my opinion 
the usual suspects, came out in 95. really good movie. should watch it
I thought Harrison Ford as Han Solo saying "How are you?" in the intercom for Star Wars Ep. IV: A New Hope would be in this.
I thought Harrison Ford as Han Solo saying "How are you?" in the intercom for Star Wars Ep. IV: A New Hope would be in this.
Bill Murray improvised the majority of his lines in Caddyshack.
 You applied a comment in which you lacked to show your valid statement. In I quote, "Actors are so fake to be able to improvise all that crap, multiple personality disorder! every single one of them!!" end quote. From that comment, it's clear that you are deliberately(whether it's an envy comment or not) judging them. Yet, you don't want for me to judge you...I tested you on judgment, because I wanted to see if you where the type of people who say don't judge me..yet you judge others? Fake..
I CANT FUCKING READ....WHAT IS THE NAME OF MOVIE 23
Waaaarriorssss come out and plaaaaeeaaaay.
LOL that taxi driver scene
Im sorry but the sneeze was definitely planned.
DOCTOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOR!
That taxi driver went from zero to famous within one second and he didn't even know lol
This was made in 2011, Django came out in 2012
It's easy for him since he was once a DS himself. I bet he knows a comeback for any situation
You're right, that was intense, but that came out after this vid was made.
actually was 40 year old virgin.. cuz they said that when they were at steve carrels house in the movie. 
What about Leonardo Di Caprio in Django? that was pretty intense
No.22 is Knocked up lol 
That scene is hilarious!! 
crazy
wicked job man and interestingly enough some of the best movies ever to be created
What about Johnny Depp's scene in Pirates of the Caribbean Dead man's chest when he sang he's got a jar of dirt
Lol 'Warriors...Come out to play-ey-ayayayyayy' xD
I have nightmares that jack nicholson will break my bathroom door when i'm taking a shit and yell that shit 
everything the sergeant says in the beginning of full metal jacket is improvised. he would be on the top of my list. "how tall are you?" "5'9, sir" "wow, i didnt know they stack shit that high"
2:01 HAHA
2:00-2:30 omg too funny lol what movie is that from??
Pretty cool..﻿
On the dumb and dumber scene you can see Jeff Daniels start laughing right before the cut.
Ya, I guess it is sad then that the film is virtually unwatchable.
that makes perfect sense..
I heard that the Joker mishap was scripted, and that Ledger's reaction just displays his talent.
Leonardo DiCaprio accidentally cut his hand by in the dinner scene, leading to a good bit of blood, which he uses as a prop in the same scene. I'm lretty sure that was one of the best unscripted moments i've ever seen.
Dustin Hoffman is cool.
Well, Not sure if I want to watch it if it's that scary! But thanks everyone for the advice, I might look it up =/
we know
The best were Saving Private Ryan (My favorite, it's hilarious), Jaws, De Niro, and Full Metal Jacket
"Private Pyle I'm gonna give you three seconds; exactly three f*cking seconds to wipe that stupid looking grin off your face or I will gouge out your eyeballs and skull-f*ck you!"
I don't think your sarcasm was noticed
"Welcome to Primetime Bitch". Beginning and end of list.
Holy shit haha i almost died xD
R Lee Ermey (former USMC DI) improvised all his dialogue lol. I don't doubt it. What a legend. I've never seen a film or TV show he didn't drastically improve with his presence.
Number 22 is not from "40 years old virgin" is from "knocked up"
From mow just assume that all of the great movie lines are improvised.
According to Malkovich, the beer can scene is actually scripted. Cite: Google "Time Out Chicago John Malkovich"
REALLY?! I THOUGHT WHAT ACTORS PLAYED WAS REAL!
the fuck does that even mean?
My personal number 1 would be the scene from "the fellowship of the ring" when Aragorn fights the urok-hai in order to save boromir. In that scene, lurtz throws a knife at aragorn, whereas he was supposed to aim for the tree behind him. Vigo deflects it with his sword, avoiding major injury (the knife was 100% real).
cool
2:26 Kripparian
Brilliant, but next time you have to include the entire scene in "Cady Shack" where Bill Murray and Chevy CHase have the conversation in Muray's charcters' shack. The entire scene was completly unscripted, and possible one of the best improve in movie history.
Full metal jacket love it
that shit had me fuckin laughing so hard
that shit had me fuckin laughing so hard
in "Gangs of New York" when Daniel Day-Lewis' character taps his knife against his glass eye, the actor was improvising. he obviously doesn't have a glass eye IRL- he was just wearing a thick lens. now that's balls to the wall, son.
SIR YES SIR ...wait...
I bet your other personalities disagree.
these arent all unscripted
In that scene from Full Metal Jacket, it had to have taken so much talent not to have just busted out laughing
SIR NO SIR!
It's called talent son, something you don't have!
Fun Fact: That sene from the shining was scripted. it took the actor 127 tries to get the voice right
Do you suck dicks private? 
Great Video! I would appreciate it if you check out my song called "The Brooklyn Song". Search for Richie Levoi on YouTube.
FMJ best scene ever. I laughed my ass off.
22 is Knocked up, not 40 year old virgin right?
That's an amazing point, hadn't thought about it, maybe not MPD but just personality disorder? I've been in theater, I tried it a few years ago, I wasn't all that bad but man the better I played my role the more empty inside and pathetic I felt, most of the guys (if not all) there were pretty sad and lonely and had no "self" personality at all, they were just plain boring, but they acted amazingly. This confirmed something was wrong and being a fan of psychology I researched it and MPD came up.
Someone's obviously a Stanley Kubrick fan. So am I.
"Han' me da fuckin' keys ya fuckin' cock suckah.. what da fuck.." LOL LMFAO
Matt Damon and Robin Williams
who is the actor at 1:03
* you're
Elaborate why am I too stupid please. Maybe if you did some research you would understand what MPD is and link it with acting, then maybe you could do some more research and see that there are some studies that indicate that actors could all have MPD. But I guess you won't do that because you like being fanatical and just call everyone stupid without knowing, at least that's the impression you give with that comment of yours.
Everyone takes care of their "baggage" in many different ways, actors do it as you say, and it's fine that they decide to do it that way, I'm not underestimating them, I like actors, they entertain me, it's still called Multiple Personality Disorder though but there is nothing wrong with that. 
johnny depp improvised the "i got a jar of dirt" line in pirates of the caribean 
You are literally too stupid to insult 
Its called "baggage" and everyone has some. What makes a great actor is how they can express their baggage through a character seamlessly.
Its not from 40 year old virgin..its Knocked up
u talkin' to meh? xD
You nailed it Multiple Personality Disorder is what makes them great fucking actors and it is great and I respect that, it's just that from a personal point of view I can't imagine the loneliness they must feel, I feel lonely and pathetic and overall just a fail when I try to be someone I am not. "Just be yourself" is the advice isn't it?. They do get paid the "big bucks" and that's ok too, I don't envy them they entertain me and they deserve it, they are still humans.
I'm not trolling, use your brain, do some research then we speak. 
@username96311: you are an idiot. These actors are.accomplished due to the time taken to learn and hone their craft.
I agree with all you say, I enjoy entertainment and enjoy watching movies and all, I respect actors, it's what they like and what they are good in, it doesn't exclude them from having that disorder though, it is somewhat true (because there isn't a definite scientific posture, but there is some research regarding the matter) and if you analyze it carefully you have to leave your own personality and get deep into the character personality in order to make a great interpretation. That is MPD.
@username96311
I am successful, don't imply something you don't know, my comment isn't an envy comment (it might look like it but it's not) it's a reality comment because it is true, there are even some scientific studies that say so, please do some research before judging and becoming fanatical about something that you like.
What's sad is they probably wouldn't even allow #1 anymore. I remember in sixteen candles when anthony michael hall's buddies wanted to back out of goin to the party. He said "Quit being faggots. we have 60 bucks and a pair of girls underpants. We are safe as kittens." That shit wouldn't fly today. Too much political correctness
I dont know. I recognise the dialogue from 40 year old virgin but the car scene i remember from knocked up
I think most of these were scripted.
Number 22 isnt from 40 year old virgin! That scene is from Knocked Up!
you are beautiful 
Not from Taxi Driver, from 4:43.
That taxi driver looked like Charlie Sheen.
Heath Ledger's Clap after Jim gets a promotion was also improvised in The Dark Knight.
Actually, most of them will -openly- admit that they are possessed by demons, and that when they begin acting, -they- go away and the "spirit" or "muse" that helps them to act comes in. This is not a crazy accusation I came up with. -They- openly state it. Want to know how actors are all able to act like that, and how when we try, it comes out laughably? Because they -literally- sold their souls to be rich and famous.
No pirates of the Caribbean!? No Jack sparrow!? Dick.
@2:00 I think I pissed my pants xD
Naw but the Star Wars line is.
gotta love full metal jacket lol
No Indiana Jones?!
holy. shit. mind blown. Casablanca scene was improvised? one of the greatest movie lines of all time? wow
holy. shit. mind blown. Casablanca scene was improvised? one of the greatest movie lines of all time? wow
This... Was... Awesome. xD
feed the troll, feed the troll...
"Tears in rain" from Blade Runner was later added in as part of the script as suggested by Rutgar. The line was first introduced by the actor during reading as he sheepishly snuck in the the monologue, feeling that the villain needed a strong exit. It worked.
If an actor can improvise well it means they are a good actor, because if it were a live show and someone messes up they can improvise so it looks like it was supposed to happen without making them look bad. Also, they improvise to add to there character and make it more interesting their own way.
Dang, dude. I think we just watched the same video!
ROFL!!! he said "Pimp mommy"! LMFAO
A few Good Men. 
 Don't get mad because you ain't successful...
Trying too hard there, troll.
Man I have no idea how Shelley Duvall kept her horrified face going after the Here's Johnny line. Honestly, if the moment wasn't so scary in the movie I'd just laugh at him. Credit to Duvall for staying in character/in the moment. 
Dude don't feed the trolls. He's baiting you.
Elaborate please
thanks for share this video, I like it.
This is probably one of the most ignorant things I've ever read
Actors are so fake to be able to improvise all that crap, multiple personality disorder! every single one of them!!
see thats improvisation right there pimp mommy. putting my money where my mouth is, not "asking" for shit. and i am in fact asleep shitting right now so u can take that wang to the bank stupid "gangsta" bitch
4:45 i wonder if that taxi driver knew he was bitching at dustin hoffman. xDDDD oh im trying to picture the look on his face when he first found out LOL
I still have dought about the Dark Knight scene (#20), because it appears to computer animated. Movie maker put a lot of afford into making scenes look real, but this scene has CGI in it; you just need to look how the dust and pieces goes over those ambulances in the background.
Umm, are these the actual scenes, or are you just talking about the general performance of the people in these scenes?
Full Metal Jacket was an epic movie , I would recommend it to ya'll :P 
thank you
You should remake this and add the scene from Django Unchained where Leonardo DiCaprio accidentaly cuts his hand but keeps on going and uses his hand as a prop.
you know when people say hopkins never blinks in silence of the lambs then what happens at 5.38?
Well, I think you will find, sir, that the correct grammar is, of course, "We're going to need a bigger boat.", not "WE*RE going to need a bigger boat...", sir.
I bet your the kinda person who would fuck a person in the ass and not have the common courtesy to give em a reach around!
Good list, bad font.
Ben Stiller in Zoolander, the part where he asks "But.. Why male models?" again immediately after receiving the explanation is my favorite goof/unscripted thing. He forgot his line and repeated the last thing he remembered.
*bilbo's house then hit it again
What about the part in The Lord of the rings where gandalf hit his head in bilbo
lol, the line is "WE*RE going to need a bigger boat..." -.- Y U NO ENGLISH
throw away. 
I know the movie was kind of a through away and many didn't see it, but the scene with Jon Stewart and Will Ferrel debating if the terrorists organizations the C.L.I.T. and the evasive O.R.G.A.S.M. were real or just made up entities in the movie Jay and Silent Bob strike back. It was all unscripted and the funniest in the movie. 
craziest mind tripping movie ever! i laughed the hole way down the rabbit whole
great list, I didnt know about the clockwork orange one, but it works great. Full Metal jacket is just genius!
pretty much the entire opening scene of full metal jacket is gold 
lol 
so i shit my pants every night and wake up covered in a mess of shit every morning. big fucking deal 
what is crazy and embarasing is you taking shits in your sleep bro! loool i had to lol you were asking for it on that one, lmfao
so many of these fuckin suck so hard. these are professional actors right? i could improvise better shit while taking a shit in my sleep. saying the same shit over and over again while sounding crazier and crazier is not improvising. embarrassing.... 
the actors were not told of the size of the fake shark when up close, so the line was definately adlibbed by Roy Scheider.
reminds me of funny games
That scene is classic, if thats really unscripted it should be high on this list. 
@1:10 the joker blowing up the hospital scene was scripted but not all of the scripted explosions went off as scripted the last one went off late so heath was actually scared
no way we are gonna need a bigger boat was not scripted
dunno if it counts but, in Juarassic Park, when trex first breaks out and starts destroying the car with the kids inside, when the glass breaks the kids were screaming for real because the glass was not suppose to break, just to come of. :)
0:52 Glad I wore a gold tie to my Sisters wedding...
I'VE GOT A JAR OF DIRT?!?
A clockwork orange, one of the most terrifying movies to date. Because of that movie, some people can't hear the song singing in the rain without bad memories. 
A clockwork orange, one of the most terrifying movies to date. Because of that movie, some people can't hear the song singing in the rain without bad memories. 
not in the script. improvised.
it still is pal.
The last scene is the best and most classic!!
What about the "funny how" scene from GoodFellas? 
*facepalm
Ah okay, thank you very much
shouldnt of been switched with number 21
Aye, that was kinda the point of the book and film, 
The scene from Warriors represents so much about the movie in general.
#22 is knocked up...
Full Metal Jacket was a great movie. 
What about the scene in Django where Leonardo Dicaprio cut his hand on the glass?
The reason it wasn't higher was that all he did was just stay in character, rather than actually improvising lines. It was one of the best though, and prob should have been higher up.
I have a copy of the Empire Strikes Back - and it has 'I know" in it. Hmnnn....
Austin Powers?
clockwork orange is disturbing
The scenes where they are just kinda random, like Heath Ledger in The Dark Knight, where he just messes with the detonator, are the best.
These actors demonstrate an intuition for "icing-on-the-cake" contributions that make the moment. "Here's Johnny!" and "Singin' in the Rain" are perfect. Scheider's "bigger boat" line is dramatic understatement at its finest. "You talkin' to me?" completes DeNiro's character. I've long thought that Hauer was an underrated actor. Murray is a risk-taking genius. Yet, Matt Damon comes off as lame in both of his scenes. His laughter seems forced. Weakest part of "Private Ryan."
For Christ's sake lighten up! I wasn't serious. Of course people have different tastes. Kubrick just is such a genius when it comes to movies that I had to say something when I read your comment. It's all good and eventually I don't even care that much, just passing time here. 
A Clockwork Orange...
Maybe 4 have cultural merit.
how do you not completely lose it when R. Lee Ermy is in your face yelling about sucking dicks and reach arounds...bravo
The explosion was scripted. The script called for hik to get on the bus and the second explosion would go off as they rode away. He improvised stopping, checking the device, to male it look like there was something wrong. Added a bit of humor to an otherwise serious scene.
i got a jar of dirt is my inspiration for life
Classic!
That line from Blade Runner was unscripted? 
"I got a jar of dirt I got a jar if dirt and guess what's inside it!"
there is something Wrong with me? Not at all!, i simply didn't care for it! hate to break it to you but everybody has different tastes in life and just because somebody does not enjoy the same things as you it doesn't mean that there is something wrong with them. you talk about the depth and hidden messages in the movie yet react to my comment like a shallow individual. re-read my comment, you will see that i didn't slander this film and actually helped someone discover it! next time think 1st 
C.O. is one of the best movies ever made and there must be something deeply wrong about you, if you don't care for it. On top of being an excellent movie, it is also a fine piece of art with numerous carefully placed details there that speak volumes to you about the director's mind once you notice them. To give but one example, look carefully at the numbers on the police officers who pick up Alex and beat him up. The numbers on their shoulders are 665 and 667, Alex being carried in the middle. 
I'm pretty sure the explosion stopping was unscripted and that they were actually having problems trying to get it to detonate before so the last scene with the improvision was their last chance and of course it didnt go off by heath ledger did some improvision and by some miracle it went off.
THe Fullmetal Jacket scenes are actually very close to what is written in the book its based on. 
What about the hula scene from the lion king?
Immortal classic A Clockwork Orange. You need to stop what your doing and watch it.
A Clockwork Orange by Stanley Kubrik
I take it he was the kinda guy that gave you a courtesy reach-around? Top bloke, lmao
Sergeants got onion breath, the other films "A Clockwork Orange." {•_•}:)
Kinda makes me miss my drill instructor....
A Clockwork Orange by stanley Kubrick ... its a classic... i personally dont care for it much but it is a classic none the less
What the hell is the movie with the men in white holding and taping the woman in red at 4:49
Matt daemon is really good at laughing
what about 'I got a jar of dirt' scene that wasn't scripted
click,click,click.....click,click...........boom! love that scene!
In the Dark Knight the scene where the Joker was clapping in jail was unscripted
2 Kubricks in the top 10
Genius. 
 Number 25 is false. That was scripted. Check out John Malkovich's AMA on reddit where he admits it was definitely scripted.
and The Dark Knight scene was entirely choreographed, scripted, and triple checked. no movie company is going to allow one of their lead stars to be improvising near explosive demolition, regardless if they were just smaller explosions and the demolition occurred later
I agree Adam
Actually, the Malcovich one isn't improvised. He did a Q & A on reddit and he said it was planned.
Actually, the Malcovich one isn't improvised. He did a Q & A on reddit and he said it was planned.
Real art...? You mean the French short movies of a guy smoking then 2 words being spoken? Most of Britain and Germany's movies come from here, same goes for most of the western world. I do know South Korea though has made one good movie I absolutely love "Tae Guk Gi". Other than that and a couple other exceptions... maybe you guys should put more effort into publicizing your movies so we DO know they exist. I do have to acknowledge one thing though, Hollywood has kind of dropped the ball lately.
al pacino's "because she got a... great ass!" from Heat should be here
Me leaving this stupid list was also improvised
ya make them choke them selve
cool.... fag
the Goodfellas "funny" scene is by far the best unscripted scene in movie history 
In "The Usual Suspects", they all laugh because Benicio Del Toro used to fart during the scenes and he had just farted before saying his line: "Kevin Pollak states that the hilarity came about when Benicio Del Toro "farted, like 12 takes in a row." Del Toro himself said "somebody" farted, but no one knew who" (imdb.com) 
The scene in Being John Malkovich wasn't improvised, in a recent Reddit AMA with the man himself he said they actually asked everyone on set who'd like to try hitting him with the can.
I call bullshit on half these scenes. Especially the dark knight scene.
I can't believe this didn't have the laughing gas scene from the original Pink Panther...
Don't look now but your ignorance is showing. 
The Lord of the Rings Fellowship of the Ring, the part where the Urukai throws the knife at Aragorn and he deflects it with his sword was all unscripted
I came here just because Full Metal Jacket was the video still :)
americans cant mka real serious movies..there are tons of unscriptes scenes in foreing movies thare are far better than all this together, stay to the USA saving the world movies, and teeage comedies instead!!! that suits hollywood better. leave the real art to other countries. 
scroll down a little, that's been discussed
Did they really miss out on the Part on the first Indiana Jones when Jones shot the sword man because they had done it too many times and he just shot him
The taxi driver actor looks like adam ferrara
Wow that Ryan's story was unscripted. Just know that!! XD
the last one omfg i just died XD MY SIDES
Full Metal Jacket! Fuck Yeah!
if you really want to get scare go to straightforwardnews this is real warning viewer discretion is advice 
I love parties, especially when people bring weed and alcohol. Then I abscond and call the police, and watch it all from across the street. Teach them not to invite me.
You know that #22 isn't The 40 Year Old Virgin. It's really Knocked Up. 
5:30 my best work!
the joker scene was funny as hell to me, just the way he turns around like "wtf? wheres the big kaboom?" then gets his ass out of there when the bomb finishes, plus the R. Lee scene from full metal jacket, best scene of the film
whats unscripted mean"?
all great moments. the one with the taxi ignoring the filming was really great on the part of the actor just rollin with it
It was delicious. Thank you. 
LOL...how's that horse treating you?
LoL You used NOT at the end of a phrase....what year is this. How is that guano treating you. 
what about the 'I Got A Jar Of Dirt' scene? Johnny Depp just started doing it, that's why everyone looks so confused.
That wasn't improvised in that it was decided before the cameras were rolling. The original scene involved a big fight but Harrison Ford was sick so they cut it short with him just shooting the dude. But it was discussed beforehand. These scenes were improvised AFTER the cameras started rolling. I think that's the key difference and why the scene isn't on this list.
well sorry x-boy thought you might have had a sense of humor,but then again wolverine doesn't have a sense of humor haha lol :P
I don't think that was an improv. The scene was altered because Harrison Ford was ill and they had to cut the fight due to the loss of shooting time. You couldn't really improvise shooting someone, as the guy on the receiving end would just stand their like a lemon before realising he ought to keel over.
Hell yeah Full Metal Jacket is #1!!!
Bollywood is the Indian movie industry.
What is Bollywood? What happened to Hollywood??
Shouldn't that one scene from Raiders of the Lost Ark be here? I mean, it wasn't really in the script
Pirates of the carribean is fucking gay.
your not human fucking beings your goddamn pieces of amphibious shit *from full metal jacket*
wehre is pulp fiction ? 
Pirates of the Caribbean "I got a jar of dirt" and Indiana Jones when He shoots the big bad-arse ninja guy
Gunny For The Win!
are you a peter puffer?
+1 bro 
stupid egocentric, you forgot tyo say, 25 greatest usa films other countries make movies too,pig.
and i hate your opinion 
You got love the joker
God, Matt Damon is fucking amazing.
God, Matt Damon is fucking amazing.
Give me you're keys 
lul 2:02
These are all awesome! I know this vid was released two years ago, but I believe that Leonardo DiCaprio's scene in Django Unchained (where he smashes the glass on the table) should be added to this list. He smashed a real drinking glass on the table and smeared his own actual blood on Kerry Washington's (Broomhilda) face. None of that was planned. He picked shards of glass out of his bleeding hand during the filming and later needed medical treatment.
Usual suspects and the Saving Private Ryan scenes are the best two
I think Marlon Brando as Kurtz in Apocalypse Now should be on the list
Why are pretty much most of the greatest lines in film history improvised? Simply amazing.
I'm walkin' here...! CLASSIC
yes
Then what the fuck are you doing here? :)
R. Lee Ermey is a fucking GOD!!
4:10 "Here's Trevor!" LOL
emery's improv is the whole reason that movie is even known, because after he's gone it turns into a pretty dull generic war movie. I only ever watch the first half
Full Metal Jacket is my favorite war movie ever but as for improvising, most ex-Marines will tell you that they heard most of Mr. Emery's lines in boot camp before. Not surprising since he was, in fact, a drill instructor. 
So rude not giving reach around while doing it in the butt... So rude
STFU
if i'm not mistaken, the scene where rocky's running montage and took and apple from the people, it's actually not scripted. the man actually tried to ruin that scene but stallone improvises
-How tall are you! -Sir, five foot nine sir! -Five foot nine, I didnt know they stacked shit that high!
"I WILL GOUGE OUT YOUR EYES AND SKULL FUCK YOU!!!" . . . Honestly now, can you threaten anyone much more than that???
NO WAY. Game over man is one of my favorite scenes ever!
Full Metal Jacket is the best.
WARRIORS!
classic R Lee Ermy "Are you a peter puffer?!?!" lol
0:37 That was Knocked-Up, not 40 Year Old Virgin.
Not even have to decency for a reach-around? What a bastard!
Why would he be invited o.O
4.42 GET that Driver a Job in the film industry hahaha
thats wrong about a clockwork orange. kubrek found out before that he knew how to sing it so he went with it
I try to stay far away from them people drinking acting like imbeciles.
Bill Paxton says something awesome and then Paul Reiser shits all over it.
whats no. 4?
what's with the monty phyton movies? 
was that the guy from the weapon channel with the russian at 2:07 ?
What about Murray's "Meatballs" spee . . . ahh, it just doesn't matter.
You hate movies? So you clicked on a video called "25 Greatest Unscripted Scenes in Films?" Puny minds? Indeed....
lolz
That's because they're in Morocco, not Japan.
No, he's a Welsh Curry House owner from Cardiff...
Heath Ledger clapping as The Joker when Gordon got Commissioner was a great unscripted moment also.
Where's I got a jar of dirt?
@jxbqgol yeah thats what everyones been saying DUDE! check it this game one of the better online ones ive seen in a while: bit.ly/10IHPA0?=ehvgn
Did Harrison Ford also improvise the "weapons malfunction" line in A New Hope? Also when Hamill said he can't see through the stormtrooper helmet and when a stormtrooper hits his head on the door.
does he work at 7-11 or as an IT agent?
No they do that game in 40 Year Old Virgin as well, but when playing video games lol. The car scene is from knocked up, just google it, damn. This is even more awkward now.. /watch?v=AOVehIKpm4k and go to 2:19
the line 'I know' from star wars episode: 5 was in the script, but it was placed in about 2 minutes before they filmed the final shooting of the scene.
"are you a peter-puffer?" lol
You're on the wrong video. These are the greatest scenes.
Indian Jones? Is he a Bollywood hero?
Indian Jones huh... I don't remember that movie... I remember watching Indiana Jones though, and yes the scene you're thinking about was indeed unscripted because Harrison Ford was ill on the day of shooting of said scene. It was supposed to be a big sword fight, but nope Indy just shot him haha. Good stuff!
"and not have the common courtesy to give ´em a reacharound" bwahahaha
"and not have the common courtesy to give ´em a reacharound" bwahahaha
Wow half the most well known lines weren't even suppose to be there ))).
omg you idiots, this version is from knocked up,it was a deleted scene, the other version is the 40 year old virgin, they're sitting down playing games and saying it, so shut the fuck up and do research before you think something with your small head and open your big mouth
Yeh you forgot pretty much 75% oftje stuff Johnny Depp says in Pirates
Sorry Kiddo, it's 40 Year Old Virgin... this is awkward.
Do u suck dicks? Sir, No Sir..... Lmao!!!!
The guy in that scene looks NOTHING like a Ninja.
ur wrong its knocked up you idiot i remember this scene
and you forgot to read the part of the title where it said GREATEST! unscripted scenes in film.
you forgot the "I've got a jar of dirt" scene from pirate of the caribbean
How do you do 30 pounds??
i m italian and i like spaguetti and samurai
R Lee Ermey was a Marine drill Sergeant. Of course he knows his excellent insults. Haha
Heath Ledger saved Christopher Nolan's day.
you're*
Your a moron then cause that was the scene in knocked up where they were driving to Las Vegas.
Like tears in rain is most legendary! 
DO YOU SUCK DICKS!!?!?
i thought the exact same when i saw them
Sorry isnt
Why is stu's song from the first hangover on here??!
you´re still fat
hahahaha i love that part from aliens "GAME OVER MAN GAME OVER!" love sayin that line when im losing in some game :D
Ok, I'm slow, only just got the last line (must have heard it 10 times before) - "I bet your the kind of guy that f*ks a guy in the ass and doesn't have the common courtesy to give him a reach around" - had to laugh at how slow I am ;o)
Matt Damon's improvised monologue in Saving Private Ryan is too similar to the stupid one by Robin Williams in Good Will Hunting. Both are lame and uninteresting and the laughs are obviously forced. I wasn't laughing when I saw it. I wanted it to end. Saving Private Ryan is a great film except for the lame story about the brother.
Really? the scene in Scream where Stu screams "YOU FUCKIN HIT ME WITH THE PHONE, DICK." isn't on here? Really?
MOVIES I NEED TO WATCH.
How many editors did it take you to come up with that?
it was a reference to the 40 year old virgin joke they were doing, it wasnt meant to offend..
No, it is actually 40 years old virgin
It doesn't let me turn on cc.. Moron!!
You know, I just realized who I'm talking to and forget what I said. Yeah, it was the 40 Year Old Virgin. I just really don't want you to shoot me. 
They did, but the movie that is featured here is Knocked Up. I'm just guessing that Seth didn't write anything for this scene (or it wasn't originally supposed to be shot) and they just went with it. Still, not a bad scene. 
everythin i say is unscripted yolo
Hello! I'm Rick. My wife did -30 lbs in 3 minutes and died.
Really? 'Cause I'm pretty sure they had those same lines in the earlier scenes of 40 Year Old Virgin.
Where's Fight Club: "You hit me in the ear!"
where was the scene in aliens where the chest burster comes out at the dinner? the actors were not told what to do nor what was comeing out it was all organic too meaning all the blood and bits came from a butcher shop
my favourite improv is Johnny Depp in Pirates of the Caribbean 2.. "I have a jar of dirt!" 
If you ever remake this, make sure you put that scene with Leonardo DiCaprio in Django. When he hit his hand on the table, it wasn't supposed to start bleeding. It was a real injury. 
you just went full retard never go full retard
Wow, some of the best lines ever were improvised.
Wrong. That was part of Knocked up when they were going to Las Vegas.
Hm I think this list only counts improvisations that were made on the spot.
no liar liar. disappointing. 
What about Draco Malfoy 'Why are you wearing glasses?' 'Ah,reading?' '...I didn't know you could read'
what about indian jones shooting the big ninja dude 
January, 22nd 2008
Great great video! Thanks.
err not really, if you've ever seen a Malcom Mc Dowell interview about a clockwork orange you'd learn that Stanley let him improvise too...
err not really, if you've ever seen a Malcom Mc Dowell interview about a clockwork orange you'd learn that Stanley let him improvise too...
your profile picture...
..and then there was the time Ron Jeremy came on a woman's face. It was totally unscripted. The scene just called for him to nut, but he improvised with her face.
Actually, Stanley Kubrick was a perfectionist. He rarely let improvisation in all his movies because he always followed the script. Full Metal Jacket was the only big exception.
rubbish
Stanley Kubrick must have been the king of unscripted scenes
GOD ERMEY. That is all. 
this is bullshit mr han man...
wow you're right! I lost 20 pounds AND my computer from my new virus!
why wasnt the scene in raiders of the lost ark where indiana jones just shoots the sword guy on this list
To bad he killed himself, in what 2007 or 2008, or 2009. i forgot :p
matt damons laugh is really fake after seeing a cpl of his appearances in a row :D
Anybody wanna start a console war?
heath ledger= amazing actor
fuck yourself
The story from matt damon was fake in that scene? That was a good story i never knew.
No it's not..
i'll be watching you...
My family laughed when I told them I would burn calories with Cosmos Fat Loss, but then I showed them the results. Google Cosmos Fat Loss to see their reaction.
im surprised that indiana jones wasnt in there i forgot which movie it was but he was fighting a guy who was doing a lot of sword tricks and jones pulls out his gun and shoots him. supposedly he wasnt in the script to shoot him but the creators left it in because it was funnier than what they had originally scripted. 
Last ones the best
Then why does it say your name is Ivan?
it was a reference to 40 year old virgin, i didnt mean it to offend anyone
You're funny.....NOT, Minolta boy, so stick with old fax 
Lord of the what? Grandalf who? Ian McKellen? Please, who or what are you talking about?
Goood stuff. 
Waaaaariooors, come out to plaaa aayy
I admire actors that improvise so much. It must be a really though thing to do, and they just make it look easy! It just comes to them!
Gay is not a synonym for stupid. Please learn to use words in reference to their actual definition.
you know how i know 1165 people are gay? cause they disliked the video
The scene in the lord of the rings where Ian McKellen (Gandalf, for the few who don't know) bangs his head on a roof beam was not scripted, he actually hit himself. That should have been in.
Just had an ad with a really hot asian chick
wolverine is that you?
Warriors did it for me now Im leaving
xD the last scene xD 
and cuckoo clock scene in the third man
"Game over man..." Did Bill Paxton come up with that classic line since it wasn't scripted? James Cameron said Bill Paxton NAILed every single line, every line in Aliens got an audience response . 
No Talledega Nights? Most of the tale of Ricky Bobby was unscripted, and it was pretty awesome.
when they are on their way to vegas, right. not that i've seen it, of course.
The ice cream scene in Cramer vs Cramer could be in the list I think
2:31 Geddy Lee's long lost brother!
No it's the 40 year old virgin...
Apocalypse Now. The whole Martin Sheen on the mirror thing, was improv. 
Kill yourself.
Indeed. He also crashed his car whilst coming back from filming at 1am and broke all his ribs on one side. Ermey, not one for whining, refused to pass out and kept flashing the lights on his jeep until a motorist stopped to help. the Man's a goddamn machine
Poor Shelley Duvall. She just can't look good... at allllllllllllllllll... 
22. is not 40 years old virgin, is knocked up 
I GOT A JAR OF DIIIIIIIIIRT!
are you fucking serious?!?!?! that dicksack from the warriors is willy wonka!!!! why cant the games make the people look similar at least to the movie?
are you fucking serious?!?!?! that dicksack from the warriors is willy wonka!!!! why cant the games make the people look similar at least to the movie?
That scene wasn't from 40 year old virgin, it was from knocked up
thats the power of a drill instructor
Very good list and nice job with the editing.. thumbs up for you good sir 
4:09 HEARZ ZDANI
I always find it hilarious how the most correct and meek people on youtube have the worst grammar of anyone. Nice guys finish last son.
I can't believe Full Metal Jacket wasn't scripted. Lol. 
There are already too many Kubrik flicks on here for this one to make probably, but I always thought the George C. Scott accidental fall when he tried to take a step backwards, tripped, and did a reverse summersault, all while continuing his lines with that rabid "Bucky Turgidson" delivery is the best. Close second is Phillip Seymour Hoffman's botched line in the Big Lebowski, you can't act that nervous and jittery, and his flubbed line made the character for me. Great list though, super cool.
25 escenas fuera de guión.﻿
thanks, that's been bugging me for a while now lol
i didnt know computer viruses make you lose weight, oh my, i here i go world!
Goodfellas "funny guy" 
Brian crashing the Skyline at the beginning of 2 fast 2 furious was unscripted
Full metal jacket just amazing
"I"m WALKING HERE." 
Do you? Good for you.... Please crawl back into your cave, and come out when ever you are ready to behave your language here... Thank you.
cool list.. thanks
GEICO
What an idiot response....That's not the point i made, that scene in this video was for Knocked up...i didnt say they didn't referenced that scene from a 40 year old virgin idiot. That shown was in Knocked up, not 40 year old virgin... I was still correct dumbass.
DO YOU SUCK DICKS!!!!!
DO SUCK DICKS!!!!!!
GAME OVER MAN GAME OVER!
lol, that's something new to me. :P
No Jack Sparrow "I got a jar of dirt"? I mean I know its your list but come on
the taxi thing is great :D
What about Draco Malfoys "I didn't know you could read"?
Bill Murray improvised all his dialogue in that scene, not just "It's in the hole."
It was a geico commercial. "Can Geico save you 15% more on car insurance? Does a drill instructor make a bad therapist?" 
I remember that commercial but I can't remember what it was for.
Yeah, he was supposed to use a whip to smack the sword out of the guy's hand, but Harrison Ford found it too difficult
im pretty sure the explosion wasn't supposed to stop in dark knight and ledger just went with it
it wasn't, they planned it that way because ford had food poisoning or something and couldn't fight
you know how I know you're gay? cause you got that scene mixed up with the scene from knocked up. 
Was that unscripted? o.O
one of the actors looked at the director and had the body language of "What the fuck"
you forgot the I GOT A JAR OF DIRT scene
how did i KNOW that full metal jacket would be #1
@23, the song part is a better unscripted part xD
interesting to see what could have not been
No Good Fellas= No bueno 
If I had to guess, he says "its a jar of dirt." Pretty sure it's from the second one after Kalipso (the black witch lady from the second and third one, don't know her real life name) gave him the jar of dirt to put Davy Jones' heart into.
The "Game over man" was even used in the Alien 3 SNES game when you lost :D
NO RISK Play Online - YouTube
I liked one scene from Sleepless in Seattle where Tom Hanks and his friend are "crying" from recalling The Dirty Dozen, would have liked to see it in the list.
ya but what does he say? 
u're right, i am very lucky to get to know about this site. i know one thing for sure, i get sent a list of high paying surveys every few days and easy make around $60 off each list. you can get it from here: bit.ly\1awQoDO
Beverly Hills Cop with the strip club story should've been in the list, & Cable Guy with Jim Carry imitating Hannibal :)
FULL METAL JACKET!!
The sword vs. gun scene from Raiders of the Lost Ark should have been in there Yes, that was unscripted.
Okay it's from knocked up ;D
Okay it's from knocked up ;D
So they did that bit in 2 different movies??? It doesn't matter though because Seth Rogen and Paul Rudd are hilarious as fuck!!!
Oh, my God. I fucking love Gunny.
That's interesting. You know what really makes me sad? YOU DO! Maybe we should chug on over to Mamby Pamby Land, where MAYBE we can find some self-confidence for you, YA JACKWAGON!!!!! Tissue? *toss* Crybaby.
1:19 - The Joker is thinking "Where's the rest of the Kaboom?"
The initial T-Rex attack in Jurassic Park should be on the list! The glass was not meant to break and the children's screams were real. 
The Breakfast Club scene about them getting into detention should be on here.
Wait, no Dr. Evil chair scene? 
Ye gotta love the lines full metal jacket
it is one of his best and unscripted lines ever
why
Edward Norton and Brad Pitt playing golf in the movie ''Fight Club'' was also not scripted and is damn great.
The original line was "I love you too" But Harrison Ford said Han Solo was too cocky to say that so it became "I know" 
2:03 hahahahahahahahaahahahahhahah
Most parts of Midnight Run could be on this list
There's a lot of Stanley Kubrick movies here, even though he was such a strict director.
Pour les français, le monologue improvisé d'Edouard Baer dans astérix et obélix /watch?v=6Mftnp4eg0I
2 more facts about R Lee Ermey 1. He wasn't originally the drill instructor, just the adviser for the original actor. he talked to Kubrick to see if he could play the part, but Kubrick was a little against it. Ermey screamed at Kubrick to stand up straight when talking to him, and he instantly obeyed Ermey. 2. For his audition. he spat abuse and hatred for 15 minutes straight whilst having oranges and tennis balls thrown at him, not once flinching or repeating himself. pure brilliance.
I thought the same thing and then remembered they did the same bit in 40 year old virgin.
Meryl Streep in The Deer Hunter. Her unscripted scene won her an Oscar nomination. Brilliant performance. I couldn't believe that scene was improvised (I found out years after I first saw the film). Brilliant!
Huh. Also my 25 favorite movies. 
Forgot Indiana Jones where he just shoots that guy who does all the sword tricks...shame
Sorry the Matt Damon one and the Robin Williams one are over-rated........ any suggestions for what's missing from this list
2:35 was unscripted and it's one of the most well known lines of any movie ever made. Hmphh.. -.-
well I'll be damned..
You missed the famous "No Luke, i, am your father"
So evil! <3
R Lee Ermey was so good at what he did because he was a real drill instructor in the Marine Corps. oorah!
Heath ledger's was the best. You wanna know why? Because he's Heath ledger.
you missed jar of dirt !!!!!
worldwarzwatchfree.blogspot.ro/
Hate to say it but you missed one. Star Trek The Voyage Home, the scene where Uhura and Chekov were asking about the 'Nuclear Wessles', the lady that says "They're in Alameda" was not an extra, just a person walking while filming. The actors had no clue she was not an actor and the staff and to chase her down to get the rights to use it.
Fmj
ask for one at a day care, it is also a way to get free juice.
Aww. You didn't include Freddy Krueger's famous "Welcome to Prime Time, bitch!"
the full metal jacket scene could have been even better if the recruit had yelled out: "I'M TRYING TO QUIT SIR!!!!"
Besides, I doubt there's even a front end on that car. It's likely a normal car with the front end chopped off, so that they don't have to record through the windshield and can get angles that would normally be blocked by the dashboard. It's likely a generic steering wheel on a pole along with generic car seats and a car frame around them. Movie sets are very interesting behind the scenes as not all shots are genuinely acted out as you'd expect, being in the car and on the road rarely happens.
In movies they use different setups. I don't think the cameras they use to film Hollywood movies actually have microphones on them. They use Boom Microphones which are basically mics that are on poles, and likely connected to the camera so they record visual & audio simultaneously so that they don't have to worry about playing the audio over the visual and making it match. This way they can record the audio without putting mics on the actors.
They don't overdub anything, the audio and video are recorded separately, most cameras used for shooting films like these, don't record any sound at all. 
You're clearly the idiot here. The original scene is from the 40 year old virgin. The scene in Knocked Up is a reference to it. The entire scene from Knocked Up was improvised, and is obviously a reference to this, which they talked about at 2:20 during the Knocked Up scene. See for yourself. Original 40 year old virgin scene : /watch?v=p16etiVC__U Knocked Up scene (skip to 2:20) : /watch?v=VX0SD_cazhs
Just to clarify at 1:10, Heath Ledger did not even know the explosion was going to stop. The producers did, but they did not inform Heath. Great actor, none better for joker. And the one at the end was hilarious. 
One of the best movie quotes of all time was left off of this list: Marlon Brando in "On the Waterfront" improvised his whole "I coulda been a contender" speech.
It's weird. That part was unscripted, yet it matched Han's character completely though.
The Saving Private Ryan scene is the best 
Star Wars I had no idea that part was unscripted! Ps I am almost at that same part in Star Wars now! LOL!
2:02
Blade Runner is the greatest film ever
What about when Indiana jones shot the guy when the guy was swing his sword around all fancy?
So R Lee pretty much winged the whole movie full metal jacket this does not surprise me
i know i do i had a few women and a guy give me their numbers for some reason though......weird O_O
i know i do i had a few women and a guy give me their numbers for some reason though......weird O_O
You have to be an idiot to think it's 40 year old virgin...which the person who made this video is for making that mistake.
I always wondered if they overdub everything in movies?? do they use the audio from the camera? or overdub even the improvised parts? 
“I’m walking here! I’m walking here!” scene in Midnight Cowboy was according to Jerome Hellman the producer a scripted scene!!!
YOU FORGOT ( ill be back )
@ 5:56 "ARE YOU A PETER PUFFER?!" pfftttttt bwah ha ha I laughed so hard I started crying. 
am i the only one that realizes that number 22 isnt 40 year old virgin, but actually knocked up 
Where is the scene from The Two Towers when Viggo Mortensen kicks the bucket/helmet and screams becase he broke his toes?
It's a fair enough question - hell, Ermey had to explain the term to Kubrick himself when he said it!
Clockwork should be number one, it changed how the writer found out who he was and changed the movie a bit. Great list though, I laughed my ass of when I first saw that scene in Full Metal Jacket
johnny depps jar of dirt from pirates of the Caribbean should have been on the list 
woohoo! dr. strangelove! peter sellers sold that scene, no pun intended. one of my all time fave movies. I defintely would recommend it.
lol
What does scripted mean?.....cock. Notice how Tom Hanks looks to the side of Matt Damon during his improv, probably looking at Spielberg and the director signals to go with it because Hanks looks away and nods 
5:51 the beginning of texas chainsaw massacre 2003 sheriff
Hm I've already seen it but didn't recognize the scene.. Thanks anyway
Yeah I'm not too keen on the choice in font. I found it difficult to read and found myself pausing the video just to read everything! 
Some of the best moment in movie history werent even planned! kinda makes sense if you think about it
what about in fight club when edward norton punches brad pitt? 
it was not in the script(the piece of paper they read with words on them which they read aloud)
Worst font choice ever, but great vid.
lol awesome great video 
in the clockwork orange book he was singing that 
BioFracture thank you! I bet it was pretty difficult with The 40 Year Old Virgin
The courtesy of a reach around.
means the actors came up with the line on the spot, without it being previously written.
Knocked Up
Bitch stop spamming
Look up "Tim Conway Elephant joke", one of the best unscripted bits from Burnett's show, and goes on for about 5 minutes, but Vicki Lawrence stole the bit with one line ^^ 
I don't think I saw that episode, since I stopped watching somewhere around Season 2, but thanks for telling me.
"Unscripted" means dialogue or action that wasn't in the script. Sometimes the purpose is to take the other actors by surprise and bring about an authentic response without breaking character. This was often done on the old Carol Burnett Show where Tim Conway would suddenly add the funniest comments while Harvey Korman would struggle not to break out laughing. You could find them on youtube. 
What exactly does unscripted mean?
The 40 year old virgin
Name of the movie with Seth Rogen and Paul Rudd?
how can u proof its not scripted? how can anyone tell the differences ? does unscript automatically means its better? 
Manual stimulation of a sexual partner's genitals during anal or vaginal intercourse from behind. 
Well said, good sir.
Really game over? Really?
exactly the bill Murray thing in caddy shack the entire thing was made up by him he said right before they started filming I need a whole row of flowers and that's how the scene was created
I'll show you. You'll also learn how to play the rusty trombone.
You're my favorite person today.
So...remember to improvise...great things can happen.
my best films watch?v=jKHJhfS_7Hw
It's where a cashier uses a hand scanner to register large/cumbersome items that are hard to move from your shopping cart (dog food, beverage cases, etc.) Try suggesting it the next time you go shopping.
What is a reach around?
- What? +Do you speak English in What? -What? +Englush, mudafacka. Do you speak It? -Yes +You think Marcellus Wallace looks like a bitch? +What?
Damn straight.
Why does everybody say "You forgot blah blah" It's totally subjective. The guy didn't forget jack shit, he put in what he liked. If you don't like the video then make your own.
I don't believe Sam Jackson improvised that line.
what about: "Luke I am your father!" "NOOOOOO!" ? 
what about: "Luke I am your father!" "NOOOOOO!" ? 
and in an episode of archer
2:30 This scene was parodied in a recent episode of Regular Show.
You forgot "We're all individuals" "I'm not" from Monty Python's Life of Brian.
It's called English, motherfucker. Do you speak it?
A real professional, oh and search for "full metal disney". :D
Because that was his real job, not an actor, but hard ass barracks drill instructor. 
full metal jacket sergent hartmen crazy mother fucker!!!
Please for the love of god tell me you're joking... If not, that is seriously fucking pathetic...
there's no way that all these famous parts and quotes are all improvise. 
I was kind of expecting "so say we all" from Battlestar Galactica (the movie remake that then was followed by the show) that was an awesome improvised line. But this was an awesome video, well done!
i watched good will hungting the other night and found the fart scene extremely pointless and unnecessary.. who finds farting something to be amused by??
wow really ? i feel sorry for you, my ignorant friend.
Game over, man. Game over.
my god i loved this video you have great movie culture! 3 Stanely kubrick films excelent
Ex USMC DI. Same rhetoric when I was in army basic. LOl now. Best actual line seen there Drill sgt. So dirt bag hows your wife and my kids Trainee: Drill sgt my wife is fine.... your kids are probably retarted. The private got knocked down we all had a good laugh 
i think its when you stand behind a dude and reach around his body to jerk him off... but idk i could be wrong...never really looked it up lol 
A Clockwork Orange has gotta be my favorite 
It's called cursive, you ignorant fuck. Educate yourself sometime. 
2:30 Getty Lee of Rush did a cameo for this film.
JOHNNY.
R. Lee Emery is too epic in full Metal Jacket... He induces forgettable and unforgettable memories of my time in boot camp... so epic...
I can't believe you didn't include the scene where Indy shoots the guy twirling his sword around, instead of whipping him like he was supposed to in the script.
Where is Goodfellas???
learned something new today. new all the lines, didn't know that they were imp'd.
Smaller font please, still able to read.
not even close to the best
Here's a note: R. Lee Ermey said in an interview that he didn't even what a reach around was :D 
...ok...so, as a straight guy...I just wanna know what exactly is a "reach around"?
The greatest unscripted scene I've seen so far was by Leonardo DiCaprio in Django Unchained. When he continued with his bloody hand. He should have gotten an Oscar for that.
Oh Little Baby Jesus, I finally found something on youtube worth watching.
what about i've got a jar of dirt????
What happened to I've got a jar of dirt by Johnny depp 
Gunny Ermey is not an actor, he is a former Drill Instructor and Marine Corps Gunnery Sergaent. I love that scene because minus the creativity, not much has changed in boot camp LOL
Ledgers was the best
Wtf
zapfino?
Actually I am all about the love but I am not one to stand by and watch, read or listen to racism, bullying, physical violence or victimisation. The meek will only inherit the earth when the meek stand up to bullies and thugs for what they believe in. Yes I do appreciate the irony of that statement.
Apparently yeah, Robert Downey Jr. would just bring food on set and eat when he was hungry, and I guess one time it was right in the middle of a scene. LOL 
What the fuck kind of illegible font is that?
2:42 is that jeoffry
There is one scene missing: Clock Work Orange, where Alex is laying in the bed being fed and opening his mouth for more food during the politicians monologue. Kubrik was laughing ass off about it.
Good call.
love this compilation, btw the explosion in batman: the dark knight was not scripted. The explotion was supposed to take down the whole building, but it was delay due to a malfunction, the director decided to keep shooting and heath ledger improvised the rest :) 
lol
no mate, sorry but i dont know who that his.
In 'He Got Game', the 1 on 1 between Jesus and his dad was scripted to end 11-0 with his dad winning. But Ray scored on him during the filming. so the characters anger towards Jesus/Ray is actual Denzel being legitimately pissed!
Look, I'm just upset. I never even had a conversation with this guy and all of a sudden he says, "What is it you don't understand?" I'm just here voicing my opinion. Besides, I'll never see this person again...Tundrawolf, by the way, you made me smile when I read this. Thanks.
ILL BE WATCHING YOU
i BET YOUR THE KIND OF GUY THAT WOULD FUCK A PERSON IN THE ASS AND NOT HAVE THE GODDAMN COMMON COURTESY TO GIVE HIM A REACH AROUND!!!!
i BET YOUR THE KIND OF GUY THAT WOULD FUCK A PERSON IN THE ASS AND NOT HAVE THE GODDAMN COMMON COURTESY TO GIVE HIM A REACH AROUND!!!!
not even have the common courtesy to give him a reach around lmao 
david patrick kelly , warriors scene ..good actor
DO YOU SUCK DICK?!
the full metal jacket drill instructer was an actual marine drill intructer O.o
It's a sad, sad day, sir. You made someone... Someone you have never met, anonymously over the internet... Angry. :( This might... Just be the end of the internet forever. Can we ever recover? From the hurt? The pain? Can we... Forgive? 
I got a jar of dirt in the pirates of the Caribbean was unscripted. The other cast members faces are their real reactions.
Was the blueberry scene in the avengers unscripted?
Well, I'm sorry for making you mad. I'm just saying that's what I read on some webpage I found. Sorry!
Oh, and I suppose it hasn't been called a pickle suit either... ;)
Never in the history of the Marine Corps. has the USMC service uniform been referred to as "class" anything by Marines...buddy
I don't know where i saw it (might be from the bonus features) but when R Lee Ermey did the line about the "Reach Around", the director stopped filming and asked Ermey what it was. Now that's improve.
Lame
Hey, uh, guess what they used to be called before that...? 2+2, buddy.
Hey, Pirates of The Caribbean might not be one of the best films out there, but no one with their head on straight can say Johnny Depp wasn't amazeballs in it!
That's called improvisation; acting is determined by the script.
1:20 unscripted actions? yeah, that's called "acting" LOL
but "the explosion stopping was scripted" ...what is it you don't understand? He knew it was going to happen, but instead of standing still waiting, he acted. He doesnt even say anything... just gestures. Compared to completely making up several minutes of dialogue on the fly AND keeping astraight face over it... you can't be serious :|
I am just saying!! To me, he's an amazing actor for continuing with the scene! No, I'm not an actor. I don't want to be. I'm just expressing my opinion.
Sorry, I didn't see the other video.
He was a real drill instructor. Kubrik only brought him on as an adviser but he talked his way into the part. I guess he felt whoever they cast was a slimy little shit twinkle toed cocksucker.
good job
Last one the best.
Kubrick has 3 in the top ten!
I appreciate the work you put into this video. Definitely liked this video.
That's why hes so epic ya see
Really impressed with R. Lee Ermey on Full Metal Jacket. 
Marines don't have "class A's" they're called Service Alphas, Bravos, or Charlies depending on the jacket and the shirt 
R. Lee Ermey is the embodiment of the Corps. Do not try to get to know this man. He is so neat the recruits uniforms must have outraged his actual Marine Corps sensibility. Genius playing himself on film, even as a ghost in Beetlejuice (?) who gets mown down by a nastier ghost. Of course not possible...he's too much of a hardass to lay down in his box, wrinkling his Class A's...
All of pirates of the caribbean was basically unscripted. Hence why it's so terrible.
mcDowell improvised that???? that's genius.... even Kubrik who could do 500 takes saw it and said that is it.. and bought the rights to the song... every move.. every stop .. that was genius.. 
What's with the movie Old Boy? The scene where Oh Dae-su begs Woo-jin to conceal the secret from Mi-do? That was unscripted, too.
the last video aka #1 was a scene from full metal jacket and he said that T.T
Number one is the best - that guy was INSANELY good - apparently they had him on set as an advisor because he was an ex drill sergeant - they asked him for an example and BOOM - he killed it!! Haha. It seemed so authentic!
He finished The Dark Knight - he didn't finish Dr Parnassus
how do you know, are you a mediocre actor yourself?
I like in Dead Man's Chest during the scene where Jack and Elizabeth kissed, Orlando Bloom was not informed of that part of the script so when he looks up and sees them the confused look he has is actually the actor feeling confused about what the hell just happened. He's just all like "Is this scripted? Are Johnny and Keira having a thing going or something? What the hell!?"
I heard that particular scene in The Dark Knight was not Heath Ledger as the Joker because he had already died while filming both that and Imaginarium of Doctor Parnassus. It was just a stand in and that's why he doesn't talk at all. Cause I would have expected him to say something like how it was anti-climactic.
I usually don't mind people from cultures aside from my own. Still don't. You, however; you're a disgrace to humanity in its entirety. A real shame you can't just display love instead of ignorance and idiocy.
What do you mean?
steers and queers 
What about Rick Moranis' completely improvised scene in Spaceballs? It's where he's playing with the action figures.
so your the kinda guy who doesnt have the common courtesy to give a guy a reach around >.>
Matt Damon learned from the best
the Rutger Hauer line in Blade Runner is "Like Tears, in rain" not in the rain
You'd think he would. He filled out a whole freaking "Joker Journal" to get into his character.
Haha I didn't know that "game over man" line was scripted. Me and my dad always say that when something looks bad. It even featured in a megadoom map iirc :D
Apocalypse Now: Martin Sheen, much like Charlie, had his own problems with drugs and alcohol. Near the beginning of the movie in the hotel Sheen punches a mirror and his hand is bleeding profusely. During the scene he is actually drunk and he really punched the mirror and that's his reall blood but they just kept filming. 
Warriors, come out to play-ay! I love that movie!
if they made a sequel (i dont know if they have) they should put to block the road "hey were filmin here"
if they made a sequel (i dont know if they have) they should put to block the road "hey were filmin here"
Psych, mostly. I was in my last week, he was trying to make an impression on the new arrivals. He knew I would respond well. He picked a stupid reason, when I reported my flight in for chow, I had inadvertently clicked my heels when I stepped up to attention at the check-in table. I reported in, did a crisp about-face, and there he was, all five-foot-four mustached gorilla chest hair out his collar of him. Nose to nose, "Where do you think you are, the Russian army?" blah blah blah. Hilarious.
Yeah. What I read on some webpage was that the whole hospital was suppose to blow up in one go but the explosives stalled. So Heath Ledger stayed in character and acted like the Joker didn't wire it right. It's absolute brilliance!
Loads of those were scripted :P
You're right, I do have a hard time believing that :D
chris told him 2 sec before the scene : it might take more time than we think to detonate so play with the trigger and improvise with it until it explode and get in the bus... it was in the dark knight documentary
I've heard the explosives were malfunctioning, which would make this brilliant, but the annotation says otherwise.
i'm a big fan of the scene in The Breakfast Club where all the kids go around and talk about how they got in detention. it provides amazing insight into the characters and is beautifully acted. it's hard to believe it was ad-libbed.
it's heath ledger what do you expect XD
What was the movie with Matt Damon?
Isnt 22 knocked up?
In "Full Metal Jacket", R. Lee Emery wasn't improvising nor acting... HE WAS BEING HIS REAL SELF AGAIN. OORAH...
My favorite is by far: "well let us hope Harry Potter will always be there to save the day" Harry:"don't worry,I will
They only had one shot, they're not gonna blow several hospitals, but yeah, memorable scene ;)
1:06 what the hell was steve jobs doing there?:P
Along with DVD commentaries... 
Clockwork Orange: Malcolm McDowell said that Kubrick felt the scene wasn't quite right. In between takes, McDowell was dancing and bouncing the ball, and Kubrick asked him to incorporate that. Still unsatisfied feeling something was missing, Kubrick asked McDowell if he could sing a song - any song - and the only one Malcolm could think of at the time was 'Singing In The Rain." I was shocked that was an improv, since the line 'I'm you ready for love" adds that special level of creepiness.
o ya same with were gonna need a bigger boat
wow such a famous line was actuall improvised props to the guy who played Hudson or hicks I forgot
its weird when u think about it. some of the most well known scenes weren't improvised 
GIVE ME THE FUCKING KEYS YOU COCKSUCKER MOTHAFUCKAAAAA
Come out to plaaaaeeeaaayyy
The internet works wonders...
To me, the Joker seen was the best. Most actors would have stopped and asked what do next but he stayed in character!
Wow I just watched saving private Ryan a few days ago
How do you know these are all off scipt?
Being from Augusta, GA. Bill Murray is easily my favortite. 
You forgot that Ermey was in fact a DI back in Vietnam. But because of an infury he had to take his hat.
So im not quite sure how this did not even make the list, maybe because there was no dialog BUT its still one of the most iconic movie scenes of all time. Indiana Jones: Raiders of the Lost Ark. The swordsman puts on a display of his abilities and Indy shoots him. All Harrison Ford. 
How is the "how am i funny" scene from goodfellas no on the list?
You're gay if you don't/can't follow the rules of grammar/spelling, but you're not gay if you don't/can't punctuate?!!! Readers want to know?!
Drill Instructor, They were Marines. 
Actors certainly get vulgar when then are saying whatever comes into their minds. 
PRIVATE PILE, I WILL GIVE YOU THREE SECONDS, EXACTLY THREE F***ING SECONDS TO WIPE THAT SMILE OFF YOUR FACE, OR I WILL GOUGE OUT YOUR EYEBALLS AND SKULLF*** YOU!!!!!!!!!!
The only unscripted part about the Clockwork Orange rape scene is that Alex is singing "Singing in the rain" - the scene itself was scripted.
wow, what a great auto captions..
only watched this for the full metal jacket part hahaha 
my favorite is "Nip it in the bud" from the andy griffith show
i know you're gay because you dont know the difference between "your" and "you're"
The converstion scene between Pacio and Deniro from HEAT is missing!!!
im surprised. i wanna do again so that i can get one more ipad :P. be mature and do this, never forget to fill with your mail id and ph number. have a try and enjoy :) => bit.ly/1cc0HcM?=npbehz
Coke sneeze
you know how I know your gay... 
at 3:02 tom hanks seems to be checking on the director (spielberg) or something, who probably gestured 'we're still rolling'. 
Rocco's reaction to shooting the cat in the Boondock Saints was unscripted. They told him to hit the gun and they would add all of the effects in later, but they loaded a blank into the gun and the gun actually fired.
My grandpa knew R. Lee Ermey from when he was in the military. XD
but what about Jack Sparrow's I GOTTA JAR OF DIIIRRRT scene?
I guess the guys in the godfather read the book since that line is in there
Guys and Girls, i am not a bot, spammer(im trying not to lol) or scumbag lol, but i have recorded indisputable proof of Aliens on planet earth. No i am not crazy, hillbilly or saying ive been probed, but this video i have recorded on a cold night in northern Canada should put an end to the theory that we are alone in the universe. Please, if you want to see the groundbreaking evidence, and want to be one of the first people to see the footage go to /watch?v=E8FVxbi83gA or my channel. Thank you
Yes, I remember Cracked mentioning it in an article. He apparently almost said "Hey, I'm acting here!", but he did his best to remain in character.
Yes, I remember Cracked mentioning it in an article. He apparently almost said "Hey, I'm acting here!", but he did his best to remain in character.
Did that guy really almost run over Dustin Hoffman? 
Damn that last one. If that guy didn't win an Oscar then idk what to say
Learn to articulate and you won't be misunderstood. Now piss off a-hole you really are a waste of space.
Why isn't the gun vs sword scene from Raiders of the Lost Ark here???? It could have easily been in the top 5. 
I know the movie wasn't out yet when this video was made, but the scene when Leonardo DiCaprio accidentally broke a glass table and sliced his hand while continuing to act in Django Unchained was a pretty great scene.
2/10. Decent attempt.
That was a really good one
a. That is not how your message comes across and b. I forgot American's like you have answer for everything no matter how stupid you sound. To use the words of Americans that think this phrase makes them sound polite and intelligent: 'good day sir'.
Kubrick, Kubrick everywhere!
you're the only one trolling here. i asked what was special about that one unscripted scream and you have a complete cow about it. you mated with a bull, carried the calf to term, and then gave birth to an actual cow because another human being asked why a scream should be included in the top 25 unscripted scenes. you must be proud of your troll/cow baby
Warriorssss come out to playyyyy
The usual suspects was the best one for me
paul rudd and seth rogen do the same thing in 40 year old virgin. 
He thought it should be included in this video the '25 Greatest Unscripted Scenes in Films', so yes, he did say it was great?
what about "Are you not entertaned?"
I didn't. If anything I would have been a little irritated with trolls like you butting all the time with negative comments that end up detracting from the post. The sarcasm in your response to me didn't go unnoticed. It is simply sad of you and not clever.
When did that happen?
Brilliant, but both top comments have a misused 'a' or 'an.' Wtf. Not trying to be a grammar nazi, that's just an obvious thing.
What about when Red was reading the letter from Andy when a bird flew by? 
Entire first 30 mins of Full Metal Jacket.... Epic
Great list. The scenes from Godfather, Bladerunner, Silence of. Lambs, and Fullmetal Jacket are my favorites because each actor adds something pivotal to his film by simply improvising. I'll also never forget the improvised dagger deflection in LotR.
Yeah.. I remember when Heat dies.. My friend calls
Nice, nice.
The dark knight should be number 1
how did you get angry from that?
Lol @ private cowboy
Kubrick made the right choice there. 
Did he say it was great! He is just adding another example. Don't be so angry.
actually the one that says 40 year old virgin is not from that movie it is actually from the movie knocked up. 
R. Lee Ermey was a consultant for the movie Full Metal Jacket, but Stanley Kubrick decided to make him the Drill Sargent after watching his performance while coaching the actor who was in the role. To this day, I think the best part of that movie is the basic training part! 
you forgot dr evils spinning chair!
Django Unchained. Leo slammed his hand into glass and smears his bloodied hand over Broomhilda's face.
R.lee ermey is the man when it comes to improv and abuse. He was a real marine gunnery sergeant so he has a lot of practice.
what's so great about that?
Very nice. But Taxi Driver Should be #1, and Clockwork Orange #2. FMJ #3, and SOTL #4 "But well, that's just like my opinion man...." -The Dude.
Mr. Ermey is amazing. I doubt if modern day drill instructors are that tough.
"HOLY DOG SHIT! DO YOU SUCK DICK?!"
"I bet you're the kind of guy that would fuck a person in the ass, and not have the god damned common courtesy to give him a reach-around." lmfao
I've heard marlon brando butter scene in last tango in paris was totally unscripted. Should be on the list :)
so in other words, some of the best movies lines in history, were all made up on the spot..Impressive. 
I never thought that #6 would still bother me as much as it does.
The scream was scripted, he just never had a take good enough until he broke his toes. 
the dude in aliens sounds like carmine for gears of war 
taxi scene was the best of those.
How about when he deflected an actual knife thrown at his face? Obviously unscripted.
So I was making out with my sister then she said she had a boyfriend and I was like wow things just got weird.
At what point in the movie?
You forgot Raiders of the Lost Ark, when Indy pulls his gun on the sword fighter
Heath Ledger...man....what a actor...its a shame.....
Heath Ledger...man....what a actor...its a shame.....
Not as good as the unscripted knife deflection in FotR
In Dog Day Afternoon when Pacino asks Cazale if there's any special country he wants to escape to. Cazale's response:"Wyoming". Totally improvised and one of the best improvised scenes of all time.
So, it's only steers or queers from Texas. And I'm definitely not a steer (lol).
Here's Johnny!
Some of those (Bill Murray ones, in particular) were really boring and really not deserving to be in any 'greatest' categories.
He needs a part two with django when Leo cuts his hand and rubs broomhildes face.
Another for the list: Dustin Hoffman and Meryl Streep in "Kramer vs. Kramer", during the scene with the argument in the restaurant. The dialogue was scripted but Hoffman smashing the glass against the wall was not. Streep says she barely managed to hold her composure and finish the scene.
the shinning
What about when Viggo (Aragon) broke two toes kicking an helmet to hard and letting out an unscripted scream?
But that's not what he's saying. What you're saying, is not entirely true. What he said, is that they improvise! If it's improv, it's not scripted. You're thinking of a normal movie script. This is not what we're talking about here. Improv is when they come up with it, on the spot. If you actually watched movie extras, in a lot of cases, like with Johnny Depp or RDJ, they just let them go. Improvising lines means that those lines are NOT originally in the script. It's very simple.
5:45 favorite scene ever. XD
JOKER!
#13 !!! when he was a young pimp!!
Yeah. The 'actor' that played the sergent is a real sergent..
Some of them I was surprised were improvised, but others I wasn't. Goes to show, though, how talented these actors are (or were, if they're dead by now.)
HERES JOHNNY
Some how i knew that scene from saving private Ryan was going to come out.
like tears in the rain...... 
Julia Roberts' and Richard Gere's Jewelry box scene from Pretty Woman?
Not as interesting as 6666000
I know it came out later but the speech in SkyFall about the rats on an island was unscripted and great
What about jonny depps part in pirates of the caribean with the jar of dirt? That was unscripted too....
Illuminati 
Viewers - 7,700,396. Now, that's interesting.
where was the sword fight shooting in Indiana Jones?? One of my favourite unscripted moments of all time
imdb?
i juusst read this list
the last one is incredible purely because the other actors managed to keep a straight face through the whole thing 
forgot Sheen in Apocalypse Now, bad bad!
Some great improvised scenes in the "King Of Comedy"between DeNiro and Jerry Lewis,also Steve Carell's reaction when getting his chest waxed in "40 year old virgin".
I'm glad someone else pointed that out. I was just going to click past and let the dumb asses take it in. This is a half-baked video idea. Great idea, poor execution. 
What about Eddie Murphy in Beverly Hills Cop? Almost all his best scenes were improvised... 0_0
Thanks for this video. Very funny and good to know that not al lines in movies are scripted!
How do you know this stuff?
Why was he chewing you out?
You spelled Michael Madsen wrong.
Ha! That was so fun. Thanks for uploading - do more!
0:10 my favorite
That happened because Harrison Ford was too sick to do the original scene.
I came for joker you did too...
joker the boss
what about the joker clap in the prison scene (heath ledger)
that better be a joke 
That was really awesome!! :D
"I love you" "I know" ..xD
illimunati
viewers: 7,666,000 no reason just thought it was interesting.
Seth Rogen and Paul Rudd scene was in Knocked Up not 40 years-old virgin :P
Seth Rogen and Paul Rudd scene was in Knocked Up not 40 years-old virgin :P
EPIC!!!!
Films on this list I've seen: Dumb & Dumber, The 40-Year-Old Virgin, The Dark Knight, Aliens, The Godfather, Saving Private Ryan, Jaws, Star Wars Episode V, Casablanca, The Shining, Blade Runner, and The Silence of the Lambs.
What about Apocalypse Now? 
These are some of the greatest moments in film. It's amazing they are all unscripted.
The Full Metal Jacket scene is incredible moreso because its a Kubrick movie. The script literally goes: Lee Emery walks in...[blank page]..."Is that you John Wayne?" [blank page] Kubrick orginally wanted an actor and had Emery on for advice. Emery told Kubrick he could do a better job. To prove it, Kubrick had him stand in the middle of a room and pelted with water balloons while Emery yelled abuse for an hour without pausing and without repeating himself.
You missed the scene in Goodfellas when Paulie meets Henry as he comes out of prison and slaps him. Total improv by Servino so Ray Liotta wasn't expecting it. You can see the genuine shock and surprise in his face. Also the entire "you think I'm funny?" was sort of improvised. Scorcese filmed them several times but they made up the dialogue each time based round the same idea.
Or Aragorn deflecting Lurtz's knife throw, also unscripted, and completely real
terminator 2, the terminator saying 'i need a vacation' concluding finsh 
Not exactly. They only decided to do it on the day of shooting, but the improv was not done by Harrison Ford in the middle of the shot.
Love the last one lol 
I love em all...
Its famous, the movie wasnt exactly great. Dont get me wrong i liked it and thought it was a good movie, but its not a masterpiece. And come on the warriors come out to play is basically cultural, same with "you talking to me". Now Taxi Driver is a great movie.
game over man, game over. Heres johnny. Warriors come out to play. Some of the most famous parts of these movies are unscripted, strange. Love the end of blade runner.
Warriors, come out to play was the most annoying thing ive seen in a film ever. it didnt fit and the actor should have been fired on the spot for lack of acting ability.
Full metal jacket is the best one imo
That is what makes these actors and movies so good. The farting wife was classic.
There's Hitler!
right click then click stop download and press play again...it works!!
Perfect 
She woke herself up? 
full metal jacket! classic 
What exactly about "unscripted" equals "made up by the actors on the spot"? He only "made it seem" that way because you assumed that's what "unscripted" means. In fact, the captions actually specify when certain actors improvised lines. Other times, the caption doesn't specify, simply noting that the line was improvised. If you read that as "made up by the actors on the spot", that's your problem.
The "I'm walking here! Was a genius scene xD even when it wasnt suppose to happen!
Number 22 is "Knocked Up" not "40 Year Old Virgin"...
22. Is 'Knocked Up' not '40yr old virgin'
It's from Aliens.
No it's not. Those two have no imagination and just did the same thing in two different movies.
"I was gonna make espresso"
or when he broke his foot kicking a helmet and screamed out and peter jackson was like 'oo let's keep that one'
you forgot when Aragorn deflects the knife of the one orc with his sword!!!
gandalf hitting his head in the first LOTR
I love you - I know
Rutgher getting deep
Knocked up not 40 year old virgin
I used to have nightmares about the warriors movie still my favorite movie ever 
In this context, it means something totally different to that.
*common courtesy
Apparently not, because he missed a word.
Some I can't believe are improve and why isn't The Dark Knight. ( + )
If you have to ask, then you don't want to know.
jesus christ are you anal or what!?
No, not really. It's when a person is behind a guy (in this context the person behind the guy is another guy doing him in the butt), and then the person reaches around the guy and gives him a handjob.
While giving a blowjob, a chick will reach around and stick her finger in your butt. 
Omg do you have ears too??
Yes. 
What do they mean by "improvised?" They made it up as they were acting out the scene?
Not really. There was originally supposed to be a big sword fight during that scene, but Harrison Ford (and everybody else) was sick with dysentery and it was extremely uncomfortable for him to move around. So Ford suggested they "just shoot the f***er" and get the scene over with, and Steven Spielberg agreed. So while the shooting wasn't in the script, it was still planned.
I love the Joker!!
Why wont this video work for me..
Why wont this video work for me..
what's "a reach around"?
No Indiana Jones shooting the guy? That was improv as well.
lol i LHUFF YEW
I see what you did there. :-) No, I wasn't even thinking of that. I don't try to use American spellings just because many commenters are usually American, so that they will understand me better, although once I did manage to get into a very long-winded discussion on the meaning of the word "torch."
Where's the scene in the Pirates of the Carribean where Johnny Depp says "I got a jar of dirt!"
Great job! 
I really missed the "What tha fuck is so funny about me"-scene from Good Fellas 
big gulps huh
I NEVER GET A REACH AROUND....
Kubrick gets wonderful actors doesn't he?
scene where joker clapped while gordon got promoted to co commissioner? XD
Dr. Strangelove, Clockwork Orange, The Shining, Full Metal Jacket... a lot of great Kubrick in one list!
LOL 1:09 crazy mofo
that was pretty cool 
Nothin was funny to me
also he was an actual usmc drill instructor before he became an actor, also in full metal jacket we wasn't supposed to be in the movie at all. he was supposed to be an advisor so the actors could be as realistic as possible, but they ended up just giving the roll to him. the door gunner who kept saying "get some!" was supposed to be the drill instructor
you know over half of the stuff R. Lee Ermey says in his movies aren't scripted... 
Smart arse hole x'D 
Hence the word "jackass." :)
Yeah it's from 40 year old virgin..
Even though the title says "scenes", it seems like he really meant "lines".
Oh roight
Breaking bad is not a film, read the title then go give me a reach around :)
where was breaking bad? 
Yup, he was sick with malaria while they were filming that one. LOVE that scene!! :)
22 is knocked up, not 40 year old virgin
What about "wyoming" from Dog Day Afternoon?
Even tThose from blade runner and shinning? No way...should be nr 1 and 2 then..
You forgot my favorite one (though there's no words). In the first Indiana Jones movie when they're in Egypt and the bad guys are chasing them through the market place and the really big guy with a sword comes out and growls and Indi just shoots him instead of fighting him. lol Classic.
Should have said it was the opening scene. 
One more that I would add - Sheen's scene in the motel room in Apocalypse Now. He was really f'd up, and cut himself badly on the mirror, but they kept rolling. Very disturbing. 
The dark knight only 20?
I had a funny experience late in basic training. I got buttonholed by the sister flight TI in the chow hall, he started chewing me out in front of a couple hundred folks. By the time we got to about the twentieth "Sir yes sir!" "Sir no sir!" he had to stop. We were looking each other in the eye and were about to both crack up laughing. That woulda been bad for morale and discipline.
The last one made me laugh so hard!
You forgot "I got a jar of dirt!"
I thought that Kubrick thought this whole thing up himself.
Drill Instructor* the Army uses Drill Sergeants
DO YOU SUCK DICK? YES,SIR
hes a real drill seargent btw to make it more authentic
Punctuation is your friend.
I was actually wondering this as I watched the video. Thanks for speaking out loud what I was thinking.
u forgot the waxing scene in 40 year old virgin
"The whole time" for come to abrupt stop with that guy pretty quickly. xD
Some of them while not technically 'scripted', weree not made up all by the actors. In a few it was the director who wrote in the spots. The actors just went with it. Really wish you would have noted this. As you made it seem all the actors made theirs up on the spot. What a good thing a bit more information does.
it wasnt the last crusade i believe it was Raiders
Wait, so the drill sergeant in FMJ did all that out of the kindness of his heart? We got a balla!
The dark knight rises wasn't out yet
what about Bane's "Thats a lovely, lovely voice"
Forgot Caddyshack. Rodney Dangerfield. "Wanna make 14 buck the hard way?" Best line in the movie
Forgot Caddyshack. Rodney Dangerfield. "Wanna make 14 buck the hard way?" Best line in the movie
Hahaha the last one lol
you guys missed one of the biggest clasics of all improvised scenes also laziest famous actor in a major film it was Indiana jones shooting the guy with a sword I think in the last crusade but forget which the shock on the guys face was real the bullet was not
5:25 omg robert deniro!
WHAT ABOUT ME?!?! I HAD A JAR OF DIRT!!!!
25 cenas improvisadas.﻿
R. Lee Ermey gave queers a hard time.
How about that scene from "The Crow"? 
Wasn't completely improvised though, it was suggested while reviewing the script priopr to the shoot and the entire crew had been sick from some bad food and Mr. Ford like most others would rather not have to juggle swords all day long under those conditions.
How the fuck am I funny??
What about Pirates of the Caribbean when Jack sings "I've got a jar of dirt" ? 
He didn't want to take a break he just wasn't feeling good that day.
No it isn't.
isnt that knocked up not the 40 year old virgin?? :P
The taxi scene was the best. I don't suppose that cabbie got any $ for the drive on. An everyday occurrence made hilarious by Hoffman with the unwitting cabbie as straight man.
So let me get something straight. One of the greatest lines in Warriors was improvised?
Ohhhh wheres jhonny depps "i gotta jar of dirt" scene that was fucking amazing
lol the god damn courtesy to give him a reach around.
lol is it really? I love that shit!
actually harrison ford was suffering from a dodgy stomach and was unable to film the fight he had spent weeks learning. so instead spielberg was lyk okay, just shoot him then. Thus film history was made. 
Rutger Hauer in Blade Runner is one of the most beautiful man I ever saw. It's one of my favorite movies anyway. It bears such a deep meaning ... at least imho.
How about the "Ive got a jar of dirt, Ive got a jar of dirt" by Johnny Depp from Dead Mans Chest?
Im walkin hera im walkin hera, up yours u sonofa bitch
actually he had painful diarrhea and he couldnt stand a long fight and wanted to move on
Full metal jacket ftw
$2000 an oz. AACHOO!
Its amazing that so many FAMOUS lines from movies were improvised. Today the Jaws "gonna need a bigger boat", the Casablanca "Here's looking at you kid" plus a plethora of others are lines they use when making a promo vid/commercial about said movies respectfully. I wonder if the actors get royalties when they use those lines in commercials/ads for the movies? Their reps should argue for the inclusion of royalties when their improvised lines are used. B/c technically it is their work being used.
Nothing beats full metal jacket. That first half of the movie is one of the greatest film masterpieces ever. Add to it the huge intro being unscripted, thats just incredible. 
Another fun little fact about that scene in The Usual Suspects - The reason the actors were all creasing up with laughter in the line up was because Benicio Del Toro spent the day farting during 12 takes in a row of that scene. None of them could take it seriously, pissing Bryan Singer off royally as he wanted it to be super serious. Instead, he just edited together the funniest takes. 
That wasn't 40 Year Old Virgin, that was Knocked Up
Take it you've never seen "the warriors"
I knew Full Metal Jacket was unscripted, but some of the other ones surprise me.. especially the "Game Over","You Gonna Need a Bigger Boat". 
R. Lee Ermey in the end, hilarious
i usually make stupid comments about videos. but this is one of my favourite videos on youtube. cheers
is THAT what "Mordecai put your phone away!" was based off?
-Their initial reaction was to immidiately cast him instead of just using him as adviser. ;) The other actor got the 'get some' machine gunner part.
The scene was and the dialogue but the part when Two Face tries to attack Joker and Joker catches Twoface's hand, is. :) 
That was just a typo? Come back when its a major grammatical problem or anything that actually has to do with the English language, and not typing.
For T.V., Homer's "S.M.R.T., I mean S.M.A.R.T.!" would definitely have to be on the list.
What had happened was they had ordered some sort of food and a lot of the actors had gotten food poisoning and were feeling really ill. Harrison was tired and wanted a break so he didn't want to to the whole fight scene, instead he shot the guy and left. Sometimes irritability becomes ingenuity. 
Apparently this guy *doesn't *know how to speak English.
Your correct they filmed the choreographed fight scene all day long and Harrison Ford was tired from doing his own stunts all day. If you look closely the shadows are long, as it was late in the day, when Harrison Ford pulls his pistol out and shoots the Arabic swordsman. 
I totally love full metal jacket even more, if possible, after knowing that that whole scene wasn't in the script!
Lol, your right. xD Sorry for that mistake.
The scene in batman, for example, was improvised. They only had one chance to make the scene, but the explosion didn't went as planned (there shouldn't be a delay), so Ledger improvised the following seconds... As it wasn't in the script, my guess would be it is unscripted ?
OK...Most of these are pretty good. But you include scenes from The Warriors (hardly a HIT movie, not to mention that the "improv" was stupid and annoying and showed no "skill" of any kind. Blade Runner - the guy acts like he has a mental deficiency. A Clockwork Orange - did anyone see that movie? The Usual Suspects? Simply BAAAD. That scene was just dumb. The one form 40 y.o. Virgin wasn't actually IN THE FILM. The one from Aliens had "cultural impact" but not really any skill.
I don't think he wanted to take a break so much as he wasn't feeling good that day and wasn't up to the extended fight scene.
the actors in the usual suspects lineup were laughing at Del Toro because he farted.
If they have props and the camera is focused on them, ITS FUCKING SCRIPTED!
Apparently this guy don't knwo what a script is.
Apparently this guy don't knwo what a script is.
That was really boring.
giv me da keys yu cocksukka wata fukkk
how the hell is knocked up called 40 year old virgin?
Aliens FTW! We aaaaare leaviiiing
this video sucks balls. Except for the full metal jacket scene.
3:33 my video froze 
They were referring to the hsss sound he made after he said that.
what about the chest bursting scene in aliens? they only told the actor who the alien bursting out of, what was going to happen, so all of their reactions were natural
give me the fuckin keys you fuckin cocksucker motherfuckerrrrrrrrrrrrrr!
I didn't know the "Singing in the Rain" part from A Clockwork Orange was improvised!
Wow that comment was jacked up. Let me rephrase that. Hannibal said: "A census taker tried to quantify me once. I ate his liver with some fava beans and a big Amarone."
The one from Silence of the Lambs wasn't improvised. In the book there's a part where he says how a census taker tried to quantify me once. I ate his liver with some fava beans and a big Amarone."
Oh my god, really? That's amazing!
22 isn't 40 year old virgin its knocked up
LOL
I can only imagine that they gave R. Lee Ermey some general cliff notes and told him to act like he normally would as a Drill Sargent (which he was)... I wish I could see their initial reactions to his improv
WHO DA FUCK JUST SAID THAT!?
I hope you all know, the actor that plays the DI used to be a marine; probably why he could have came up with it.
Midnight Cowboy has to be hire. That wasn't just improvised; that was a completely unexpected event taken advantage of by the actor. I never knew that wasn't in the script... Thankfully, that wasn't cut.
No reach around from you, then?
Stanley Kubric FTW
What about the scene in the movie "heat" where the cop and the criminal go into a resturaunt and talk? You guys should check it out, the actors did the whole thing by themselves there, in that scene.
'Not even a fuckin reach-around....i'll be watchin you!'....LOL
shut up meg
if he came up with all the drill sergeant line by himself..that's freaking amazing!
Where is the Indiana Jones scene? You know, the one where the guy with the big sword does a fancy move to intimidate Indy, but instead of being scared, he just pulls out his gun and shoots him? Yah, that was improvised. (Harrison wanted to take a break, so he did that instead of having an epic whip/sword fight. lol)
I just discovered Blade Runner and i cannot believe the line "Like tears in the rain" was unscripted. Mind blown!
NO CLUE, "Were gonna need a bigger boat" was improvised!!! WOW!!!
sorry 2:40
sorry but that bit in "The Warrior's " made the tone for the rest of the movie..PURE GOLD
No.
That wasnt the 40 year old virgin it was knocked up.
Don't worry about it too much. He's just the type of man who'd fuck someone in the ass and not even give them the common courtesy of a reach around.
You guys forgot the "I've gotta jar of dirt!" From pirates of the Caribbean
People tend to think that good acting is simply how well you can sell the tears, or how loud you can shout when told, "you're angry". Certainly these are important traits, but the best actors can convince us they're someone else entirely. They dig into the minds of their characters, and even when things don't go according to the script they remain unhindered. It's part of the reason why I say things like, "Will Smith will NEVER be as good as Bryan Cranston," much to the dismay of Smith fans.
I'm not the one with the horrible grammar, idiot.
your the idiot and hes the easily offended cock sucker
I'm walkin' here was not improvised.
I am Australian. "Misspelt" is the correct spelling here.
It was very well improvised and it a very iconic scene in film.
No, not at all. In my country (and every English-speaking country besides the US), that is the only correct spelling. "Misspelled" is an American variation
Hardly implausible, let alone ridiculously so. One of my TI's in USAF BT used that "reach-around" line, back in 1976.
You're a funny guy Sully, i like you. That's why i'm going to kill you last.
saved the best one for last! 
the last one is the ace
All of the dialogue at the beginning of Windowlicker was unscripted - and I think it's brilliant.
Private Pyle!
I know right? Thanks cracked.com. I fucking love R Lee Emery.
Because Ermey was actually a drill instructor. He was their advisor for that section of the film and talked Kubrick into using him because none of the other actors were good enough for the role.
Because Ermey was actually a drill instructor. He was their advisor for that section of the film and talked Kubrick into using him because none of the other actors were good enough for the role.
The funniest part about that line was Kubrick stopped the scene and asked him what a 'reach around' was. After hearing the explanation, he let him keep the line and continues the scene.
the dark knight one was the best one
exactly. this. 
Goddamn queer. You must be from Texas. I bet you don't have the common courtesy to give your partner the reach around.
It was SUPPOSED to be awful and disturbing, so I suppose Ermey got the job done. It was a superb moment in regards to that particular film. You see, the film wasn't exactly about unicorns romping through a magical forest, where bunnies play and birdies tweet sweet little songs...
You have got to add Madeline Kahn's "Flames on the side of my face..." scene from Clue! One of the best improvs in movie history!!
right. yet not everyone knows the movie its from. i kno i dont
that wasnt improvised. that was in the script
It's actually highly accurate of the first day of basic training in the Army, even though that was a scene of the first day of Boot Camp for the Marines. R Lee Ermy was, at the time, a Drill Instructor on Parris Island.
Heath Ledger as the Joker was still one of the finest performances ever in motion pictures.
LOL! GREAT compilation! I'd never seen Taxi Driver, but HAVE seen the third Back to the Future film and have always wondered WHERE that bit of dialogue came from where MJF is talking to himself in the mirror. That (latter) scene is now MUCH more hilarious now that I know where it's from!! :-D Thanks for clearing that up!!
4:05 one of my favorite scenes of all time!
There is almot 15 mins of the sarget monologues and its all improvised, its not easy to do, improvising and making it come out good. If you are offended by what he is saying, dont watch the film, but you cant say if its bad when it comes to acting.
No hospital scene with Joker and Twoface?
i thought it was funny... but im not an uptight dumb fuck 
what about in Twin Peaks when the light is flickering on "cooper" in the morgue during the pilot... that was unscripted
I had no idea, that "Game over man!" was unscripted.
because it is fucking awesome? i bet you ARE the sorta person to fuck a dude in the ass and not even have the common decency to give him a reacharound.
Pardon the possible cultural gap (I'm not American), but I think I heard that the US Marine Corp now open accepts gay people, so you're kinda right, these days no one'd talk like that. Full Metal Jacket is an old movie though and R. Lee Ermey (the drill sergeant) served in Vietnam and I wouldn't be surprised if he's old school like that in real life, too :x
"Like tears in the rain" scene was beautifully done. I couldn't have ever guessed it was improvised. Rutger Hauer is such a boss.
NOOO! You should have said: "Now Make Like a Tree, And Get Outta Here.
@3:02 Tom Hanks glanced at the director if they should cut when Matt Damon told his joke.
no shit.. your gonna need a bigger boat was unscripted... weird to think about considering how well known the line is
I do now. I definitely didn't before at the time of posting. I thought they would never bring up something gay..especially a drill sergeant
they dont talk like that anymore they used to though
Please excuse his mental illness. Martin Bott (wwwtotalitaerde) is suffering from a psychosis that makes him believe the government is after him, controlling minds everywhere etc. >_> His allegedly murdered brother even went to court against him because he didn’t want him to use his name for that nonsense. Now he sticks to defaming my country in Youtube videos. He’s a madman and wants to make his shitty conspiracy-homepage look important. Info: 3x "w" superiorman DOT de SLASH MartinBott.doc 
You do realize that actor was an actual drill sergent and that is actually how they talk in the military, right? 
Fuck you PUNK ASS HO ASS PUSSY ASS NIGGA! ILL BEECH YO ASS THE GROUND NIGGA, AWW NIGGA U BETTER NOT MESS WITH ME OR ILL POP THE TRUNK ON YO BITCH ASS NIGGA! gotta love ~ Boondocks
4:10 getting nervous when he is arround
Be fair. Kubrick HATED ad-libbing, and he gave R. Lee Ermey free rein to basically ad-lib all his dialogue as he saw fit. Ermey was a genuine DI, and although slightly exaggerated for the film, this is apparently how DIs acted in the military at the time.
@ 3:52 -- Of the improv'ed scenes in Casablanca, I would have gone with the "song duel" scene. While the scene itself was in the script, the shots of many of the bar patrons (especially the guitar player) singing the Marsaillaise with bitter emotion was not. Much of the cast either came from Nazi-occupied Europe or from countries critically threatened by the Nazis. They weren't acting in that scene. They were giving a real life "up yours" to the Nazis.
I bet you'd fuck a guy in the ass without even having the goddamn common courtesy to give him a reach around. I'll be watching you! Nothing beats that scene in FMJ
So all the boring moments with Matt Damon was really just Matt Damon's fault? 
lol that taxi driver :D 
The guy below me gives free reach arounds. Aah
What about the radio room scenes from good morning Vietnam. That was good
I bet he doesn't even give reach arounds. :<
You, sir, are an idiot, now get outta here you easily offended cock sucker.
Never realized how cliche shows are nowadays.
Haha your inference is correct: I have never seen it. How? Dunno! :)
How could they have left out jar of dirt?!?!
R Lee Ermey is a classic
Also the slow clap he does earlier in the film in the police station was also improvised.
Where's the scene in Harry Potter Chamber of Secrets with the "Let us hope Mr. Potter will always be there to save the day." "...Don't worry. I will be."
I will PT you until you fucking DIE!!
damn right.....i vote for taxi driver, midnight cowboys, the usual suspects and full metal jacket.... :D
and how sir do we know these to be unscripted?
if those are the 25 greatest unscripted scenes ever, please try make a good script before filming a dam movie. 
Kubrick wasnt really one for improv, but in a camera test DI Ermey did his thing at a camera for 15 minutes straight, while the crew threw tenis balls ando oranges at him, he did not flinch, change expression or flinch. Kubrick decided he was the man for the job, and let him do his own thing.
Kubrick wasnt really one for improv, but in a camera test DI Ermey did his thing at a camera for 15 minutes straight, while the crew threw tenis balls ando oranges at him, he did not flinch, change expression or flinch. Kubrick decided he was the man for the job, and let him do his own thing.
2:34...man that dude is such a creep !!...and that frigging tank they are riding in...comedy
holy shit
My brother Markus Bott had been tortured during 5.5 years by the German BND,the former GESTAPO. I recorded more than 100 videotapes which ended up in the legal system. My brother was tortured during 1.5 years despite several legal procedures pending. He was assassinated on July 11th 2009 because of our homepage, linked on my channel, and our book Der Totalitäre Staat. My father was murdered 9 months ago. If my homepage disappears,the BND will have assassinated me as well
I'm more depressed at the knowledge that only 2 people showed up to meet Malcolm McDowell dressed as droogs.
"do you suck dicks!" lol clasic
Excellent examples why film is an inferior medium. The actor's take, even when insightful and clever, robs the viewer of their own perspective. Read a book and you'll have a hundred takes like these every chapter. And they'll be your's, not someone else's.
You're just trying to get some jackass to point out that you misspelt misspelt, aren't you?
First watched Full Metal Jacket with my Pop who was Army Airborne in the mid 60s. He laughed harder than i ever seen him laugh..mostly because he said every way Lee Ermey came across was exactly how it was. No surprise to find out Ermey was a former drill instructor. Awesome improvisation...
wow. thanks.
That's the whole point. Marine Corps drill instructors--masters of improv--create an atmosphere of intimidation, chaos, violence, & unpredictability, b/c that's precisely the environment in which Marines must do their jobs. It doesn't matter if you're confused, hungry, frustrated, angry, scared, offended, tired, or anything else. All that matters is that you do your job. R. Lee Ermey was a Marine Corps drill instructor, & he gave the audience a tiny window into boot camp. (10 yrs USMC infantry)
cursory research
HAHA!!! WOW!!! WHAT HAPPENED TO HOLLYWOOD??!!! GREAT FILMS!!!! 
What about "I got a jar of dirt, I got a jar of dirt!" by johnny depp?
how can you tell that these scenes are unscripted?
Also, Gunnery Sergeant Hartman's lines were so improved, the Director had to ask the actor later what a "Reach around" was since he didn't know the phrase.
The Joker scene is backwards actually, that was a special effects failure. Heath Ledger improving that bit when the explosions stopped early is part of why the man deserved his Oscar.
Notice 'Hater' in his name 
HERESSS JOHNNYYYY!!!!
The Dark Knight scene where the hospital blows up, the pause in the explosion was not in the script, that was also unintentional along with Heath Ledger's reaction. They only had one take to do it so it had to play out the way it did, which was priceless.
unlucky cunt
What a waste of time complete BULLSHIT asshole fuck you! ;(
Iam, I've figured out why they don't laugh. Because that was obviously the 20th shot. The other 19 were breakdowns.
game over man game OH verrr
same with my brother and i
well...... thank you, i guess..
How the actors playing the recruits in Full Metal Jacket didn't bust up laughing at the Drill Instructor's rant is beyond me. The whole introduction of Gunny Hartman to the recruits is one of the best moments in cinematic history. I watched the beginning of that movie everyday for a month before going to Boot Camp. 
he said 5 foot 9. not 6. sorry im OCD about that movie
Ha well depending on your country, "misspelt" could have been misspelled :-D.
Great vid
5:42 "How tall are you, Private?" "5'6", sir" "I didn't know they stack shit that high" best movie ever!
yeah right. Let me just have a quick look at all the evidence and reliable sources you mentioned to prove that statement. Oh wait, that's right, there are none. Well I'll just take your word for it since you are a complete stranger that took the effort to write a few words as a comment on youtube. Should be enough, right?
The Usual Suspects. There is no Keyser Soze.
What's the movie at 2:00
4:06 You misspelt shining.
First movie is "Caddyshack" great movie and great actors 
Don't justify the sergeant! He has fed off misery and sin for decades to extend his life! Like when he had that TV show teaching kids about famous guns! No just kidding, he is great.
WHAT ABOUT I GOT A JAR OF DIRT
I do believe all of the parts with Sgt. Lee Ermey were improv. That particular scene was a classic, Pyle really couldn't stop laughing. I don't think I could have either. :)
100% agree with #1
Most of these scenes were scripted. Only some were not..
ROBOCOP classic drug deal scene!
who is malcolm mcdowell?
in FMJ, when the drill instructor was talking to them, and private Pyle starts laughing, was that scripted or unscripted?
Basicly all lines in "The Godfather" made by Marlon Brandon was impovised. 
lol god I love that last one...such a great movie.
Because the entire movie was supposed to be a look at the grim reality of a soldiers life, and that scene gave you a real sense of compassion and near empathy for the actors playing soldiers, as if they were real soldiers. The drill sergeant was also a real sergeant from the military. It's supposed to be awful, it's supposed to give you the same sense of hate and hopelessness that they would've felt.
Sorry for the misunderstanding dude :) Thanks for not being an internet douche lol
Actually the bombing stopping was unscripted too. It was a one shot take and the bombs were delayed but Ledger stayed in character and pulled the scene off.
if you read the sentence i said he's "too stupid to insult" so technically i didnt ;)
if you read the sentence i said he's "too stupid to insult" so technically i didnt ;)
Insulting someones intelligence is the surefire way to ensure your own intelligence is viewed more highly by others. Don't do it, just lowers the person who does it.
Where is jar of dirt?
IMO, the "greatest" (final) improv was completely absurd. Not to mention disturbing in a number of ways. Anybody want to explain why this ridiculously implausible monologue was anything but awful?
it wasnt so much you, but the one calling me a dipshit, and also the "exactly" in your comment felt like the rude kind, but its the internet, it doesnt voice peoples true words properly, lol. no hard feelings :)
woaaah dude, lol chill i wasn't trying to antagonize you lol, i was just speaking my mind
me too
And yes I also am a special kind of stupid
The scene from Clockwork Orange is an absolute classic specially when he slaps her face! To be at the mercy of serial criminals, what a horrible, horrible situation that must be. Humanity is so pathetic not even God can save us from ourselves. 
oh yeaaaah! you're absolutely right.
And if you want actually want something to go by, I think the dvd extras talk about this scene. It may even be there they mention multiple takes, but don't hold me to that.
you're a special kinda stupid arent you? oh and btw, think about your comments before you post cause #1 i still get them in my email, and still read them, and #2 you could stand to excercise your brain and proof read if you dont like what you said. lol
I actually do have evidence. If their isnt any superior more trustable evidence, then why is mine doubted. The summarization of all your comments is merley" i dont trust anyone" i gave you a list of sources, and even though you have no sources to claim im worng, you continue to cling to this idea your right. You just dont seem to want to admit your wrong. If you can provide me with a more trustable source to say im wrong ill admit it, but its gotta be a more reliable source than mine :)
And by the way, "more superior" is redundant. You could either just say more evidence, or superior evidence. :)
Here's the thing, you don't have ANY evidence. If you make a claim, you need to support it. There must be something to prove that the unusual thing you're saying may be true - but there's not. Those links were just people, exactly like you, only saying the same thing you're claiming. They provide nothing but the statement. I think the simple fact that it's a movie that was created beforehand and in movies they do things that are believable to an audience is enough. 
ok, then show me the true evidence that disproves mine....you do have more superior evidence dont you?
Your links and especially quotes do not contain any evidence. They are all claims of higher up people saying the exact claim you are now. It is all a situation of want to be, with not 1 shred of anything to back it up.
Would you like some Alo Vera? Cause you just got burned.
I bet your the kinda guy to fuck a man in the ass and not even give him the god damn common courtesy to give him a reach around! I'll be watching you.....Greatest of them all lol
I went to see Malcolm McDowell with my mate at this signing he was doing and we were the only ones dressed as droogs. He told us how the idea of the wearing a cricket box came about on the spot by having his cricket equipment in his car when filming and thus got changed wearing them cos he thought it would just look better. Just another fact for you film lovers out there :)
Yeah he'll be a different character but he'll just play it like a Drill Sgt.
"Holy dog shit! Texas?"
VERY little in movies and TV is "unscripted." For instance, the taxi scene in "Midnight Cowboy" WAS a scripted part of the movie. The cab was driven by a hired actor during a scripted take, and the production team filmed it to LOOK like an ad-lib. Hoffman stated there were many takes to hit that traffic light just right so they didn't have to pause while walking. In that take, the timing was perfect and the cab came out of nowhere and nearly hit them.
no no virius
because thats what he is...and yes I've seen him in plenty of of other films where he played something other than a Drill Sgt.
You say awesome, I say very annoying, the guy can't act either, have you seen him in other movies? all he can play is that bloody Drill sergeant guy!
ill Message you multiple links and sources to confirm my statement, since youtube likes to be a dick when it comes to links in comments.
You are actually wrong in general. The entire delay in explosion was in fact planned out and supposed to happen. They practiced this seen about 10 times or so before they chose this last one that we all saw. The explosion delay in the hospital (the trigger not working) was all planned. 
The one from saving private ryan, that's talent to come up with all that. Re-watched saving private ryan two days ago.
at 2:35 more importantly, the whole business with the pony bottles was improvised as well. they later recorded the sound and looped it in as the car was driving up to add drama to the scene... 
hell yea it is ;)
Whoa! "Here's looking at you, kid"? "You talkin' to me?" All improvised? Hmm. You learn something new every day, I suppose.
you are so stupid 
It's still funny as hell to see the Joker all confused XD
why..he's awesome
he's not dead
He is right, the explosion stopping was not scripted, it was all suppose to explode in one big, but it didn't.
What about the part in Harry Potter Chamber of Secrets where Lucius Malfoy says : "Let's that hope that Mr. Potter will always be around to save the day." And Harry says: "I will be." ???????
#1 is certainly #1!
2:29........ what?
How the hell were they not laughing their asses off on the last one?
i liked im walking here the best
Does that come with the free virus or not if not I don't want it. 
It is 40-year-old virgin
I just got a Minecraft premium card code for free! :D freeminecraftgiftcodes{dot}net
Ive got a jar of dirt i've got a jar of dirt...- Captain jack sparrow
yeah.. allegedly... 
it is the taxi driver didnt see the close off signs and drove right past them onto the set 
The dark knight was not improvised
bullshit on the sneeze scene--
bullshit on the sneeze scene--
Where are the Christopher Guest films? Best in Show? Waiting for Guffman? THIS IS SPINAL TAP!!!!!!!
no it aint 
in the movie
i was told he wasnt even an extra it was a real car driving by
Not only that! The scene where they crash Bruce Wayne´s party and the joker starts to slap people was also unscripted! Atleast the slapping part!
Haha reach around.
No he isn't!
This was well known like the fucking day it came out. Look at you, trying to have a glory moment by being the cool guy who knows SOME SUPER SECRET SHIT. You're fucking retarded :)
No one's mentioned the Voldemort/ Draco hug from Harry Potter 7 Part 2? Completely unscripted on Ralph Fiennes part. The actor, Tom Felton, even talked about how uncomfortable he felt as it was happening. 
#3 is essentially what I do every day now when I look in a mirror.
the clockwork orange one was scripted that way
Are you aware that youtube used to have 0 adverts? So, yes, I'm going to keep my youtube the way it should be, ad free.
if the Dustin Hoffman one was real, that was pure fucking badass 
you people are missing the point, the uploader of the video claimed in the annotation that the bombs stopping was scripted, which is wrong, which is why i commented. geezuz fucking christ people keep trying to make smart ass replies to mine, get a brain and figure out the point.
Exactly why its unscripted, it stopped so Heath Ledger just played it off like it was supposed to happen
It's a testament to US Army discipline. Never play poker with a drill sergeant - it will only end in tears.
#17 was fucking hilarious XD
you are too stupid too insult -_-...the point of my comment was to point out that under the annotation on the scene the uploader wrote that only the actions by heath were unscripted, when in reality, the entire scenario of the bomb not exploding, was unscripted, next time before trying to seem like the cool guy for commenting, with a hostile comment, try and use the little bit of your brain you have left.
That's why this is called the greatest UNSCRIPTED scenes, dipshit. 
The last one! I was crying! Lol
Oh my god the Malkovich one LOL
Either the directors or the actors will say so every once in a while. Or you can just read about it.
Just watched this straight after the iconic scene from Mega Shark Vs. Giant Octopus. Only now do i know the meaning of the word 'Contrast'.
and how do we know these are all unscripted..?
LIKE THIS FUCKING VIDEO YOU COCKSUCKING MOTHERFUCKERERERS!!
in indiana jones, an arab swordsman does a display and readies to fight indy, but he simply pulls his gun and shoots, it was improvised and the guy went along with it, the script was a lengthy sword vs whip fight
#22 is Knocked Up. Not The 40 Year Old Virgin.
What about Pirates of the Caribbean? 
That was outstanding man. I learned a lot watching this. Thank you for uploading.
7. The Shinning? "Don't you mean 'Shining?'" "Sssssh! D'you want to get sued?"
Its also a bitch for youtubers. They cant make money and videos off of youtube if you keep blocking their adds.
The funny thing is that if it hadnt stopped it wouldve just been another explosion scene in the background of someone walking away like a bad ass
Honestly, great work. There were some iconic lines in there that I never knew the origin.
adblocker... works wonders.
Technically, you are right, but it was kinda improvised. It was supposed to be a fight scene but Harrison Ford wasn't feeling good that day and he just told Spielberg, "How about I just shoot him?" Spielberg liked the idea and ran with it.
Stupid damn font.....I can't read shit
That wasn't improvised - that was rescripted
2:00 -Could not stop laughing...lol.
didnt watch this video because of the stupid god damn commercials i couldnt skip 
No Indiana Jones shooting the dude instead of fighting?
Oh man, you missed the Super Cops improv from Beverly Hills Cop
Fun fact: I GOT A JAR OF DIRT, I GOT A JAR OF DIRT, I GOT A JAR OF DIRT
Peter Sellers other improv in Dr Strangelove should also be in here 
well he dead
where the hell is the breakfast club one?
sometimes i feel matt damon is such an overrated actor
Because Full Metal Jacket was!
All quite good, but l just can't stand that Drill Sergeant guy!
the indian jones improv wen he turned around and shot the guy 
the indian jones improv wen he turned around and shot the guy 
ARE U A PETER PUFFER 
How was frankly my dear, I don't give a damn not the top of this list?
Worth it.
sir , no sir ! (probably holding self not to laugh)
5:09 i can´t stop laughing hahahahahahhaaha
is amazing how improvisation ends up being better than the original ...
drill instructor* and yes, he was. he was originally hired as an adviser but after the criticisms that Gunny Ermey had, Kubrick thought it would be better if Gunny just played the part himself.
that never changes. i graduated Parris Island 2 years ago and it's still the same. you laugh at things you never would have thought were funny.
I believe the actor actually used to be a Drill Sergeant, so it might have come to him naturally
What about the entirety of Iron Man? 
Point of fact was that Kubrick almost -never- allowed people to do improvisations in his movies. R. Lee Ermey is probably only 1 of 2 people that Kubrick allowed to improvise more then a few words, let alone whole scenes. Ever.
The saving private ryan wasn't improvised. there was a book before the movie that had the same line in it.
My Dad was a Marine during Vietnam. He said sometimes you couldn't help but laugh in basic.
22 is 40 year old virgin NOT knocked up. Just saying
THINK FAST!!
22 is knocked up not 40 year old virgin. Just sayin.
Someone might've pointed this out, but 0:50 is from Knocked Up, not 40 Year Old Virgin.
I knew the Usual Suspects scene would be there
GIMME YA FUKIN KEEZE U FUKIN CAWKSUKKIN MUDDAFUKKAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA
Yeah, that's the way I heard it to. The explosion stalled so he improvised all that stuff then it blew up. Also, the reaction looks like it might have been real too. :)
"Mein Führer - I can walk!" in Dr. Strangelove is pure genius.
where was "I got a jar of dirt" from pirates of the carribean
JOKER SCENE IS WRONG, the explosion wasnt supposed to stop, at all...
The last one was the best
SIR NO SIR!!!
In Knight's tale when the crowd doesn't cheer at the right time
The scene in Jaws where Quint tells the story of the sinking of the USS Indianapolis was written by the actor and heard for the 1st time by his co-stars as he's telling it.
The taxi scene was best (if it's true that it's improvised) - rofl
I don't know how he kept a straight face on that reach-around line.
Of all the quotes, The Drill Sergeant in Full Metal Jacket, has to be one of the best.
Yes
. You will be a minister of death praying for war. But until that day you are pukes. You are the lowest form of life on Earth. You are not even human fucking beings. You are nothing but unorganized grabastic pieces of amphibian shit. Because I am hard you will not like me. But the more you hate me the more you will learn. I am hard but I am fair. There is no racial bigotry here. I do not look down on niggers, kikes, wops or greasers. Here you are all equally worthless. "
1075 people don't have a bigger boat
Considering Cali is the gay state of the U.S.
I know that. But Heath Ledger improvised everything between the explosions.
Apply Cold water to Burned area.
You sound like an angry little bitch. Shut up.
R lee ermey is officially the greatest comedian improviser in the history of the universe... I thought that seen was all scripted!
I Bet You Couldn't Spell Through Right If You Tried.
DO YOU SUCK DICK? SIR NO SIR! BULLS*#T, I BET YOU CAN SUCK A GULF BALL THROUGH A GARDEN HOSE!
On The Waterfront shoulda been in here.
The classics man...We won't see movies like these released ever again...
0:31
I never knew that one of the most iconic moment of the shining wasn't scripted :O
Oh man that last one xD
That first one's great, just because think how much shit the extra would have got in if it went wrong.
That was actually scripted!!! It was planned from the beggining that the building wouldn't blow up all at once.
well im from texas toom and im a steer, you getting all angry must mean you a queer! 
DO YOU SUCK DICKS
DO YOU SUCK DICKS
I fucking love R. Lee Ermey. 
Who pissed in ur cornflakes
"I got a jar of dirt! I got a jar of dirt!" ~ Captain Jack Sparrow
latest one was from django unchained where leo bleeds during negotiation
Now that is some awesome stuff - especially #1 - I quote that one regularly "Drop your cocks & grab your socks - your days of finger-banging Mary-Jane Rottencrotch through her purty pink panties...are Over!!!"
nobody thinks your all gay so calm down
Get help.
I read this and imagined it in a camp feminine voice.
It's funny when I get really high sometimes I start having taxi driver moments where I get super fired up and angry and having arguments with myself. To bad I don't record some of these monologues. One time I ordered a pizza and was talking to myself for 40 minutes and yelling and didn't hear him at the door.
like tears in rain was Rudger´s idea but he asked Ridley first if he could use it before actually taking the take
Yes. But Roy Scheider does not back up in to the cabin and "make it up" in Jaws. He may have thought up the line to say. But that goes to the writer and it is put in the script. He has a mark to hit. The second A/C has to set up the foot marks for him. Sound guy has to mic him. They do 7 or 8 takes of it. They KNOW he is going to say this. That's the point. Its more that the actor might "come up" with the line. 
We don't think you guys are gay, just fat and stupid. 
what are you talking about? Stallone?? he was not in that movie,look at the scene,then tell me where you can see Stallone.be serious when posting.
Not always. Most of the time, sure, but there are lots of cases where they just roll film and totally improvise the dialog and action.
Bill Murray, nothing else is needed!!
DO YOU SUCK DICKS
Um people?? these characters don't just say these lines in the movie while the cameras roll. It doesn't work like that. The line may be made up but the characters KNOW they are going to say it. You have camera people and technicians who have to shoot the scene. The actors have to hit a mark. Its well thought out and rehearsed. The line may be ad libbed but it is not made up as the cameras shoot it. 
no, fuck you. I will not agree. 
My favorite lime in there is from Full Metal Jacket. Like if you agree
But everyone man from Texas is secretly gay ;) Come on now. Now don't tell me you haven't fooled around with all ya'll buddies.
2:17 Them laughing was also because stallone had just horrible gas. Kept farting and making everyone laugh
Apologies - you are correct - I'm not sure how I dropped the "R." - unintentional oversight.
good ol' gunny 
The Dark Knight explosion scene is number one for me because it couldn't be remade. He only had one chance to make it right.
I would rank the tuco gun shop scene from the good the bad and the ugly in my top person improved scenes in film
A lot of these are unscripted but still not improvised by the actors in real-time.
2:34. AWESOME!!!!!!
Ermey. R. Lee Ermey. Not Lee Emory.
Who's the second guy at 13,
Very good. A nice watch, and informative! Thanks for sharing.
Except that's Knocked Up and not 40 Year Old Virgin.
another good one is the dinner scene in American Beauty where Kevin Spacey smashes a bowl against the wall and starts shouting at his family. Their surprise is actually genuine because it wasn't scripted 
Another great scene is in Lord Of The Rings: The Fellowship Of The Ring. When Bilbo offers Gandalf a drink in his cottage, Gandalf says, "Just tea, thank you." then he's scripted to bump into Bilbo's chandler but Gandalf turns and was supposed to walk down the hallway, but because the cottage is so small, Gandalf bumps his head on the ceiling completely by accident but stood in character so they kept it in.
Replacing "shit" with "shot" isn't going to help your case. 
LMA IS The Start of Many Adventures. Completely Free, Loads of Features, 10 Million Members and the question is where will your Adventure Start? letsmeetagain.co.uk letsmeetagain.co.uk letsmeetagain.co.uk letsmeetagain.co.uk
The Lines from 40 year old virgin never made it into the movie. But that ones when they are playing video games did. and those too were unscripted. Supposedly they had over an hour of those "you know how I know your gay?" jokes.
Kinda surprised Johnny Depp's "I've got a jar of dirt" song didn't make the cut. Oh well, great compilation!
Judging from your name, I think you do. 
So gullible...
He actually isn't "acting" in that movie. Gunnery Sargent Lee Emory was originally hired as the technical adviser for the boot camp pertion of the movie because he had been a Marine DI for a period of time. The original actor hired for the part sucked at it. When the director of the film observed GySgt Emory during several coaching sessions, the actor was discharged and "Gunny" was put in the film in his place. He was good because he had lived the part.
Stanley Kubrick tends to do a great job at fucking up music in his movies.
Has anyone seen the AMC version of the usual suspects? "Gimmie the keys you fairy god mother!"
I'm gay so when im in texas i have a hard time keeping my mouth shut.....I'm saying i suck a lot of dick in texas because you are all gay.
Relax. If the guy had been from New Jersey, He would have said only 2 things come out of New Jersey steers and queers. No mater where he was from just substitute in the approiate place.
i only person i know from texas is a chubby gay guy who gets fucked in the ass and screams out "remember the alamo"
Calm down.
I bet you can suck a golfball trough a garden hose.
R. Lee Emory Greatest person to actor on.
R. Lee Emory Greatest person to actor on.
You sound like a faggot. You are so texas.
It's not a stereotype if it's always true!
gotta be the best line in a film ever, "all those moments, will be lost in time, like tears in the rain", fookin makes my hairs stand up every time. classic
Well thank you nice guy, but even though I didn't pay attention to the little white cursive text, I decided to google the actor's name and I found the movie. Your efforts have been noted and appreciated by the Inquisition, and you will be rewarded with one extra half charged battery for your lasgun.
'leave the gun, take the canolli' that's inpro? what a tight production.... one of the best movies of all time
Gunney is a BADMOFO
full metal jacket muthafucka.
4:03
Greatest actors to ever do it
`Do you suck dicks?` ^^
Common knowledge. Interviews and so on. Also, the Internet's a thing.
The sneeze! XDDDDD
Really? You're really asking that? Every single scene is labelled with the movie name. But because I'm such a nice guy I'll tell you it's 'A Clockwork Orange'. 
Which means it probably hurts a lot more.
And how do they know these scenes weren't scripted?
yes, this is really fantastic. Listen to this, i really didn't expect that this site would send me a check of $240 for doing some surveys. you can get it from here: bit.ly\10IWJTO
Improvise to become remembered always﻿
"I'm walking here!" was because they didn't rent the street, so it was still open for business. The taxi driver didn't ignore any signs.
Texas is objectively the worst state and everybody from there is stupid. No exceptions.
This is pretty freaking awesome. So many famous improvised lines. Seems like at least half of them just about everyone in the world would know too.
"I love you" "Fuck off"
What's the movie where the guy is singing "I'm Singing in the Rain"?
In Heath Ledger's scene, the explosion didn't mean to stop, it was an accident, but Ledger improvised his reaction to it.
yeah that was so unexpected.
The scene from Doctor Who where ten said "Are you my mummy" while wearing a gas mask during the Sontaran invasion was improvised. That should've been on here.
Someone's butthurt. In more ways than one.
good selection, my ONLY criticism is the dark night one. I think a better example would have been the scene where the joker is in prison and Gordon gets promoted to commissioner and Heath Ledger applauds aswell as the officers. Far more influential, just saying
Texas is the reason that the presidents dead
ok how is "i got a jar of dirt" from pirates of the caribean not in here? cause that was unscripted and hysterical. 
Sheesh, calm your udders.
clearly brokenAnalogs..moar like ANALogs amirite...sucks dicks
At least everything is bigger in Texas ;)
You know how i know your gay? You're whining on Youtube.
"Don't be so gloomy. After all it's not that awful. Like the fella says, in Italy for thirty years under the Borgias they had warfare, terror, murder, and bloodshed, but they produced Michelangelo, Leonardo da Vinci, and the Renaissance. In Switzerland they had brotherly love. They had 500 years of democracy and peace, and what did that produce? The cuckoo clock. So long, Holly." Orsen Wells, completely unscripted, in "The Third Man"
YOU STOLE MY NAME FFFUUUUUU
Incredible how many of these come from the same director. Stanley Kubrick sure knew how to pick his actors.
We aren't like this guy he obviously is damaged and probably is from New York or something like that - A guy from Texas
5:45 Best ever!!!!!
Yeah well how about this fellow Texan. Get some thick skin, it's just a joke
my aunts are from texas and they proved it for me
How come the Color Purple didn't make this list? The table scene where Oprah starts laughing is ALL improvised...you can put 40 year old virgin but not the Color Purple..please
Yeah thats not from the 40 year old virgin... 
I take it you're still pissed that guy didn't give you a reach around when he was fucking you in the ass?
Holy dog shit! Texas? Only steers and queers come from Texas, Private brokenAnalogs, and you don't look much like a steer to me, so that kinda narrows it down. 
WOW!
That was full metal jacket not Forrest Gump private snowball!
16.the warriors that was on that one cartoon called the regular show
It never fails, the one thing fucktards from Texas all have in common is they will tell you they are from Texas within the first minute of meeting them. Keep the ignorance coming brokenAnalogs, it's hilarious!!
have you even watched full metal jacket? no i take that back, have you watched forrest gump? the drill instructor in forrest gump is an african-american. please research your stuff before you make yourself look stupid
have you even watched full metal jacket? no i take that back, have you watched forrest gump? the drill instructor in forrest gump is an african-american. please research your stuff before you make yourself look stupid
that’s not full metal facket that was forrest gump…. 
I bet ur the kinda guy fuck some in the ass n not even have the courtesy to give em reach around. Lmao
Sounds like someones not a steer. Take some butthurtenol it might help with your fanny frustration.
I know you cant get them all but I thought the scene in Indiana Jones where instead of fighting the guy with the sword he just shoots him.
Or you could just take a joke? 
yo, BA ... that line has been used in variations for decades, generally applied to any state with a cattle industry ... it was used when I was in boot camp 30 years ago, except the kid in question was from Oklahoma ... DI gets all up in his grill and asks quite calmly "where are you from, son" and the kid responds (more or less) 'Oklahoma sir' and the DI just goes OFF ... JEEZUS CHRIST OKLAHOMA? ONLY 2 THINGS COME FROM OKLAHOMA, BOY, STEERS AND QUEERS! so on & so forth. so ... chillax.
It's a movie, y'know. I think most people can tell the difference between a movie and the real world. And if they can't I'd say they got bigger problems than stereotyping other.
Steers do to in breading. Texas is a weird place for everything. Too much easy money.. 
Earn free gift cards easy and free! Just go to featurepoints(dot)com, sign up and use the code 585TJ6, and you'll get points which you can use to buy gift cards!
Im from Canada so I dont get it why is there a stereotype of ppl from Texas being gay? isnt alot of bodybuilders especially legends like Ronnie coleman from there? I dun think they are gay
It's crazy that some of the most famous lines in the movies, let alone famous lines in all of cinema history were improvised by the actors themselves. 
Private cowboy lool..
Have you even seen Full metal jacket and it's a movie so who the fuck cares all you are really doing is proving the stereo-type that people from Texas are assholes 
Shut up faggot
fuck off
22 is actually Knocked Up, not 40 year Old Virgin!!!
yep, this is really fantastic. i know one thing for sure, my spouse is getting paid monthly for doing some surveys and browsing sites. you can get it from here: bit.ly\1asi7kz
1:11 omg this is my favorite part of the movie hahaha for some reason I find this incredibly hilarious :|
I am from Norway and I don't care
0:37 Ummm? Wasn't that scene from Knocked Up and not The 40 Year Old Virgin? Someone clarify this with me if I'm wrong...
The best is R. Lee Ermy since he really was a DI in the USMC 
"I bet your the kinda guy that would fuck a person in the ass and not even have the god dam common courtesy to give him a reach around" LMFAO... So much WIN!!!
"DO YOU SUCK DICK PRIVATE?" "SIR NO SIR!" "BULLSHIT, I BET YOU COULD SUCK A GOLF BALL THROUGH A GARDEN HOSE!"
Hello Everyone, I have a film video on my channel, please check it out, and I will subscribe to you if you subscribe to me :)
Lucius sure mr. potter will always be around to save the day.. then dan said: oh dont worry, i will be. the produsers told Lucius's actor, to improvise, but dan had no idea, it was all just pure brilliance 
I'm surprised that Gene Wilder is not in there for his grand entrance (or exit) out of the chocolate factory when he slowwwly walks with his cane down the path like an old man, then suddenly does a forward role and everyone cheers was unscripted.
star wars : I Love you .. I know... best impro ever
I'm sorry but where is the "Am I a clown? Do I ammuse you?" scene from Goodfellas?!
Same here man. It's such a legendary scene as well. 
The warriors one surprised me
I guess a reach around is just common courtesy,, lol
3:08 great movie 
What about the Pacino/DeNiro scene in the diner in "Heat"
I heard that in the Godfather Part 1 the first scene in which we meet Luca Brasi and he is thanking Don Carleone for inviting him to his daughter's Wedding, Luca is stuttering and stuff, and that was all real, he was just so nervous about doing a scene with Marlon Brando. They then filmed the scene where he was practising his lines because the Director liked it so much. 
yes and he continued acting, making it a part of his preformance
he kicked something and broke his foot, he screamed because it hurt!!
2:24 I pissed myself
It IS legendary.. ;)
Bill Murray had no lines 
Awesome list
ironic. some of the best lines are unscripted. 
 Incredible stuff!﻿
what about aragorns scream in Two Towers when he thinks the hobbits are dead? 
What about the "shadows and dust" from Gladiator. That was amazing, and used after the actor die. He did it after a scene, and recorded very casualty, and, after his death, was the last line his charachter says in the movie. 
"Like Tears in Rain" is my favourite
3:11 Good god, those teeth are white.
BULLSHIT! 
that was scripted
DO YOU SUCK DICKS!?
DO YOU SUCK DICKS!?
2:28 he's really asking for it - I have to go and play.
Malcolm McDowell is a genius for improvising that Clockwork Orange scene. Iconic. 
thx. I had forgotten how sick Hollywood is.
You forgot the interrogation of Harrison Ford in The Fugitive.
Don't worry about that, I'm not a native speaker either! And thanks for the information.
someone has sand in their vagina...
the infamous line and the only thing that people remember from the warriors is unscripted? thas crazy
came here for jaws. wasn't disappointed.
reservoir dogs epic
I'm amazed how Tom Hanks is in very 3rd one
The scene from blade runner is best here.(Fullmetall jacket second.)
I believe many of these are not unscripted..
Holy dog shit
the last one is as epic and legendary as it gets...
the second is knocked up not 40 year old virgin !
No they weren't scripted
﻿
Apparently he walked on mid scene or something and that's why you see Orlando looking behind the camera as if to ask what's happening
what the hell are you even talking about haha...do you not understand how film works...there are such things as unscripted scenes, improve is a part of film and acting...
Of course these lines are all scripted, but it makes for a good story...
Yes! Omg I laughed so hard XD
unscripted movie scenes﻿
That last one was just messed up! But it was totally hilarious! And Irena Rose: Yeah they shoulda had that one
You wanna know how i know you're gay You have no clue what the fuck you're talking about.
why isnt the scene were the Alien bursts out of John Hurt here?
Matt Damon scene has got to be the worse improvised ever!!!!
When I saw the drill Sargent from full metal jacket I immediately clicked it
22. Is not 40 year-old virgin... It's Knocked Up.
The scenes are ranked by cultural impact, thus "I've got a jar of dirt," is not on this list. 
Deep in the ASSSsss of TEXAS.....XD
From the movie THE WARRIORS!
true, my fav's were Jeremy Davies, Giovanni Ribisi, Edward Burns and Barry Pepper! EVEN VIN DIESEL was better than Matt Damon!
thanks :-) yeah, I only liked Matt Damon in Good Will Hunting ... :-)
3:23 WTF OMG
22. Is actually from "Knocked Up", not from "40 Year Old Virgin". But it's an easy mistake to make, since both movies have such a scene with the same actors, it's just a different scenery :)
From which film is the warriors scene?
The best one is the one from Bad Boyz 2 where Reagge is going to take his daughter out, everything Will Smith says is unscripted :)
what about apocalypse now 
private snowball
I'm from Texas and all this stupid shot about us all being gay fucking pisses me the fuck off so how about everybody who thinks this shut your fucking mouth and die
Actually, this was NOT his first time acting. Check out "The Boys in Company "C" and "The siege on firebase Gloria" Both of those movies came out in the early 70's and R.Lee Ermey played a D.I in the first movie and a Gunnery Sgt in the second. Both were good movies.
actually it fit in nicely. I believe that was the intent of Speilberg in the first place considering Damon was the only main actor who didnt have to go to Boot Camp to look the part in SPR. Naturally, everyone else hated his ass.
gimme the fucken keys you cock sucker mother fucaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
I was going to say the same thing... that wasn't improvising at all, that was once his job... also, this is not the first time he's acted... check out Boys of Company C from the late 1970s 
0:28 "wanna hear the most annoying sound? AAAAAAAAAAAAAAA!"
Full metal jacket was awesome!
this sequence was very scripted...every word. He's already discussed during interviews.
I love Full Metal Jacket
I love Full Metal Jacket
That last one was legendary.
"Matt Damon's character's story was all improvised." - Not surprising. It's one of the worst pieces of acting I've ever seen in a major motion picture. It's always been bewildering to me how and why Spielberg didn't cut it. It makes me cringe every time I see that otherwise excellent film. I actually feel embarrassed for Damon during that scene - it's pure high-school drama class.
brave extra. any extra work i have ever done you usualy ask permission to breath.eat.talk etc
You forgot the woman with the baby carriage scene from the French Connection
You're spot on about Kubrick. I think that he made a spectacular number of very good movies but not necesssarily all great. His work was uneven & he likely suffered from obsessive compulsive disorder in his extreme addiction to the most minor of details, drawing out production of his movies so much that many studio heads lacked faith in him and were even scared when he was directing. "Eyes Wide Shut" was drek and painful to endure sitting through. ACO & FMJ left you unfulfilled at their ends. 
i also stopped at that point to look at the comments. i saw the making of of this scene and there was no evidence for this scene being improvised.... sry about my english
I'll agree with you wholeheartedly about the stupid story Damon improvised in "Saving Private Ryan". It was a plot stopper & left me wondering who the hell wrote it & why it was left in the final cut. However, after watching plenty of his work, especially "Good Will Hunting" there's no denying his fine acting abilities - watch the bedroom argument with Minnie Driver & his give & take with the math professor. You want a bad actor, I give you John Wayne who only played himself in all his movies!
"Here's Johnny" was improvised? Oh my god!
#22 wasnt the 40 year old virgin.
In Basic I was told that would beDrill seargents basically have to practice talking like that during their training. 
Amazing! The best moments are never in the script.
Amazing!  The best moments are never in the script.﻿
What about "I've got a jar of dirt" scene from Pirates of the Carribian 
Another fun fact is that in the scene from Casablanca, the line was actually said earlier on when he was showing her a poker trick. He later used it in the film, so it wasn't technically improvised, since it was planned out.
half of what you say is bullshit. malcom mcdowell was asked what song he knew all the words to and it was singing in the rain so kubric told him to sing it. the only things improvised in the usual suspect scene is the "cock suckin mother fucker" and the "in english" parts. and you're gonna need a bigger boat is most certainly not improvised. this is comming from a guy whos wacthed the jaws special edition anniversery dvd atleast 100 times.
I had a couple of drill instructors like that. If anything it's all a well rehearsed diatribe inflicted on each successive class. Seeing it here you can laugh your ass off but back in the day I wouldn't think to even smirk for fear of corporal punishment. 
my step-dad met him at a contractors convention. he said he was actually a nice guy.
he must have been a damn good one, too.
There should've been the scene in clue when Madeline Kahn says "Yes I killed Yvette, I hated her SO much th-that it flames. FLAMES...on the side of my face. Flaming, breaths-flames, heaving...."
The scene from "HEAT" where Al Pacino and Robert DeNiro talk face to face was unscripted.
R. Lee Ermey was actually a real drill sargent and was only there to make the REAL actor's lines more authentic. however the director liked Ermey so much he allowed him the act in the part. Ermey is the only "actor" ever allowed to improve his own lines by the director.
indinana jones...
You obviously don't get the joke. 
Hard to dispute..!! Great list !!
Now a days that's probably not far from the truth. 
gimme da fuckin keys ya cocksucker, wat da fugg 
They didn't suck. You are just a loser.
I thought the Air Force had Camp Counselors. :-)
my personal greatest films list watch?v=jKHJhfS_7Hw
If you know that the Marines are part of the Navy, then why try to make a distinction between the two? That is rambling =P Also, my dad can totally beat your dad.. I agree that marines are badass, I've met them myself on duty, I am just saying that you can't say Marines > Navy, because Marines = Navy.. 
Well said. Now, Kromgar, YOU ARE DISMISSED!
No body is rambling, I'm aware the Marines are under the Dept. of the Navy, And the Air Force is the "Army Air Corps" Either way all other things being equal 90%+ Marine DIs would eat a navy DS for breakfast. I know plenty of both, and they'll tell you the same. 
Gun Sect. Hartman is the greatest man in movie history...
Actually the Air Force has MTI's.. Military Training Instructors.
Marines have Drill Instructors, Army and I believe Air Force also has Drill Sergeants :-)
Clockwork Orange and FMJ are probably the best in this list, and both directed by Kubrick:)
LMAO "the type of person to fuck someone in the ass and not have the common courtesy to give him a reach around" 
R.I.P Hartman.
seriously?
 I thought I was alone in thinking the exact same thing except I like most of Damon's work. This role I also thought was terrible, especially the story about his brother. It was shit. Its a shame since the rest of the acting and script is very well done
Ahhh... That makes me appreciate FMJ so, so much more.
.. The Marines are part of the Navy - what are you rambling about? 
Michael Madsen is one sick puppy.. 
Actually, the explosions in The Dark Knight was NOT scripted to stop. The building was supposed to come down in ONE shot because that's all they had. I think you should learn your shit before posting.
What about the scene when some guy falls of the boat in das boot?
Blade Runner ending is too epic
very interesting, great video.
Matt Damon's "superboring story about his brother" was annoying! Gosh, I hated him so much in the film! Well, actually he is a bad actor, I cannot stand any of his acting!
Fun fact: to avoid people speculating about the twist, they put together a whole red herring campaign in the adverts about what a badass Boba Fett was, to make people get all excited about a guy who basically does nothing in the film except hang out with Vader and pick up a frozen Han Solo to Jabba. 30+ years later, people still fawn over the character, even though the whole start of it was just bullshit to distract people from what would be one of the biggest twists in cinema history.
Fun fact: to avoid people speculating about the twist, they put together a whole red herring campaign in the adverts about what a badass Boba Fett was, to make people get all excited about a guy who basically does nothing in the film except hang out with Vader and pick up a frozen Han Solo to Jabba. 30+ years later, people still fawn over the character, even though the whole start of it was just bullshit to distract people from what would be one of the biggest twists in cinema history.
DeNiro and Charles Grodin on the train in Midnight Run :'if i were you..." "well, you're not me..."
My understanding is R.Lee was hired as the technical consultant to start with, Then when they were auditioning D.I.s he came to watch, Went out and said "No, Do it like this" and got in some (Snicker) Navy D.I.s shit and about made him cry. No disrespect to the Navy, SEALS are bad ass but nothing tops a Marine D.I. So anyway the directors are like "Well, we found our new D.I., You" Ermy says "I'm no actor" and the decision was made, they didn't need an actor, what the needed was a Marine.
And it NEVER came up in any of the rehearsals? You think that for the shot that could only be taken once, they would leave the actor in question out of scene discussions?
Yeah I love the fact that he just acted as his own self, as a drill sergeant in a movie, using his own words. lol
Yes! I'm glad you put good will hunting in here! This is the best unscripted scene in my opinion.
...You dumb.
Well, I understood from it that Ledger didn't know about it, that's where the improvisation came from.
did you not get the joke and smell the sarcasm in the air.. you should of at least figured it out by the time he said they had to make 3 prequels.. lol
Again, false. The delay WAS planned. /watch?feature=player_detailpage&v=xRkKiQA4d4M#t=230s
IVE GOT A JAR OF DIRT!!!
This was R. Lee Erney's first time acting. He just did what he does normally as a drill sergeant. 
thaaaaaaaat explains everything!
This list is invalid because it doesn't include the line from They Live "I have come here to kick ass and chew bubble gum and I'm all out of bubble gum."
R. Lee re
What about when Aragorn knocked the knife away in Fellowship of the Ring? The Uruk actor was supposed to miss, but he accidentally aimed at him and Viggo Mortensen parried it away with his sword.
I was totally expecting "I've got a jar of dirt" from PotC: Dead Man's Chest
You serious? "you do not have an education when it comes to film and wow does it show", "I will never sink to your elitist level", you're the elitist one.
Read my comment again, smart boy. I didn't say Eyes Wide Shut was a good film. Stop dodging your initial stupidity.
Course*
the novel was based on the script in which it was already laid out that vader was looks father, except in the novel yoda was blue, vader was using kenobis lightsaber, and luke shot the stormtroopers when he got to cloud city. would of been interesting if they made episode 5 off of the book "splinter of the mind's eye" written in 1978, the vader luke fight was better, and the leia / luke bit would be alot more weird.
Don't worry, you can't put me in my place because you do not have an education when it comes to film and wow does it show. Another reason why you can't put me in my place is because I will never sink to your elitist level. Of coarse you are impressed, otherwise you would have not taken the time to post me. Duh. End of discussion.
Really? According to what? You? How would you know? Eyes Wide Shut "changed the face of cinema"? Nice guess. Would you like to try again? This time before you do, get an education and use some intelligence.
"One of the worst films ever made" was the point where you lost all credibility. Worst? are you fucking kidding me? It may not be some wonderful piece that changed the face of cinema but Jesus fuck dude. No amount of arthouse movie names you're going to mention will cure that stupid line you said.
Putting assholes in their place isn't being elitist, so I'm still not impressed. End of discussion.
Have you seen films from Kurosawa, Mizoguchi, Ozu, Tarkovsky, Wajda, Eisenstein, Tati, Bergman, Clouzot, Bunuel, Dreyer, Clair, Renoir, De Sica, Bresson, Cocteau, Carné, Truffaut, Herzog, Fassbinder, Lang, Reggio, Ray, Kieślowski, Rossellini, Varda, Wertmüller, Leone, Foreman, Ford, Wilder, Keaton, Chaplin, Peckinpah, Woo, Polanski, etc etc etc? No? I didn't think so. I have. Have you seen at least 10,000 films? No? I didn't think so. I have. Stop being such an elitist, nobody is impressed.
what about heath ledgers clapping during Gordon's promotion... unscripted and creating one hell of an atmosphere 
I've read elsewhere that the "I'm walkin' here!" scene was actually due to the fact that they didn't have a permit to film. So, they did so anyway, on a busy city street, and when the taxi almost hit Dustin Hoffman, he nearly said "I'm acting here", but didn't want to ruin the shot.
Like I said "The Crying Game"..
I think they do quite a few takes and and also film the rehearsals too . I have heard that some directors like to film loads of stuff in different ways then choose the most appropriate version in the editing process . 
I don't understand...how does an actor get to improvise during a movie...I was pretty sure most directors were butt tight about the script....especially the Warriors scene, how do you get that into the movie without making your crew go "wtf?", don't get me wrong I love all of these quotes, just don't understand how they can get into a movie?
that bit in full metal jacket is one of my favorite in all the movies I have seen 
The scene was scripted...but only about 3 people were actually told about it; Lucas (obviously), Hamill, and Jones. Everyone else thought that the line was "Obi Wan killed your father". Hamill was pulled aside literally minutes before filming and was told what the real line was and what his reaction should be.
I'm gonna go ahead and say you're not as knowledgeable as you think. FMJ is memorable pretty much exclusively for the opening half hour; Clockwork Orange is a great movie and Eyes Wide Shut was underrated (Kidman was great and Tom Cruise was Tom Cruise). Stop being such an elitist, nobody is impressed. 
The movies made sense perfectly BEFORE the prequels, and definitely not after.
You have no idea what my favorite movie is. And btw, and trust me on this teeny bopper, I am smarter than you and I will always know a lot more about film and lifer than you ever will. A Clockwork Orange does not stand the test of time even though it is a good film. FMJ is an awful film with fake sets that certainly does not resemble anything at all from Vietnam and it has awful dialogue to boot. Great directors never make awful films. Eyes Wide Shut was an awful film.
I don't think so. Lucas said he had the whole prequel planned out before that was even said.
Cry moar...Just because your favorite movie is "The Crying Game" doesn't give you any right to bag on Clockwork OR FMJ..
Did I honestly just hear Beethoven's beautiful 5th used as part of a commercial for ANOTHER angry nerd? Is this guy really that special? The trailer didn't give me any such impression. YouTube, if you're going to give me ads, please don't run ads that put me in such an incredible bad mood. Yeah, I know no one reads these, but I need to vent, this is intensely frustrating.
uh, that was actually planned. the rest of the cast (besides Mark) had a different script so it was a genuine shock to them
Its impossible to fathom how much this guy loves Kubrick. He was a good director. Not a master. Proof of that is this charade. Notice how many Kubrick films have repeated dialogue? In other words on actor would say "the the" and the very next line would follow with "the the". I don't remember exactly what the lines were, but Eyes Wide Shut, one of the worst films ever made, is solid proof. Kubrick rehearsed so many times. Really, how can actors rehearse if they don't know what their lines are?
No, he is right. Sure, they rehearsed it over and over again but there was a delay in the explosion forcing Ledger to improvise. Ledger was supposed to walk away from the blast, but it never came, so he turned around, and started to push the button until the building said BOOM.
Kubrick Films <3
4:50 was really disturbing.
False. It was scripted. They only had one shot, so they rehearsed and rehearsed and rehearsed over and over again so that they'd get it done right. It not being scripted is a myth.
nah man they were good
The bomb stopping was not scripted in The Heath Ledger Hospital Explosion scene, they only had one shot to bring down the building and when it didn't happen Heath continued to portray the Joker until it exploded.
Yeah "Full Metal Jacket" is full of the most hilarious drill instructor dialogue known to man! 
great movie scene! /watch?v=pHbIkeTr8qQ
In pirates three the scene where johnny depp starts singing i've got a jar of dirt was completely unscripted it was just johnny depp being johnny depp
The third one was actually pretty good.
22 is not "40 year old virgin", it's "knocked up"
Must take some serious acting skills to keep a straight face on that last scene.
Why?
what mvoie has that sergeant? 
i like reach arounds whats wrong with em'?
De Niro ♥
I'm not sure if most of these were unscripted they really seem to have some sort of... you know... script
Yupp. Gunnery Sgt. Hartman is the insult GOD.
How does he/she know it wasn't scriped
How about in Star Wars when Darth Vader says "I am your father!'. That was totally improvised. They had to make 3 prequels just for the series to make sense. They sucked.
In the Pirates of the Caribbean, Johnny Depp completely improvised the 'I've got a jar of dirt' line and you can even see Orlando Bloom looking directly at the crew behind the cameras as if to ask what he was doing
the one with dustin hoffman i think was the best one XDDD
I love you.. I know. the most awkward thing you can say
5:15 yesssss ^^ 
Mr Ford? do you work for him? 
it was scripted, it was just a last second change after Harrison Ford was ill and couldn't do a long fight scene so just asked Spielberg: "Can't I just shoot the guy".
It wasn't in the original script yes... but it was planned when Ford got sick. An improvisation is immediate, unplanned and done while the camera was rolling. Ford in an interview talked about how production team had a discussion on how to work around it.
...no captions.
The problem with this video, is that the clips are cut to short removing the reason they were genius. The caddyshack scene needs to be viewed in full to be appreciated.
Assuming these scenes were truly improvised, they kind of take a bit of the edge off the notion of "great script" and "great direction."#movie   #improvisation  ﻿
Not quite. It was during a discussion while Mr. Ford was suffering from a particularly bad case of dysentery and, after looking at the script for the sword/whip fight scene, asked "Why can't Indy just shoot the guy?" 
The scene in the Godfather. When Vito is playing with his grandchild, Anthony. He has a heart attack and then the boy says "Ouch". That's pretty awesome :D
Assuming these scenes were truly improvised, they kind of take a bit of the edge off the notion of "great script" and "great direction."#movie   #improvisation  ﻿
What about "make my day!" and "I'll make him an offer he can' refuse" ? Left those out. the MOST iconic lines.
Yep; He had a cold and just did not want to do all the fancy motions. He really kept it simple 
Awesome﻿
Probably not.
I wish I was white
"The explosion stoping was scripted, but Heath ledgers actions while it was stopped was unscripted" ..... Yeh bro, its called 'acting'...?
this one time in band camp, i stuck a flute in my......PUSSY HOLE!
And still hasn't won an Oscar.
The DeNiro mirror scene is so famous and good that I did no realized it was improvized
Almost all of these were either memorable or have gone down in history are truly iconic. Amazing that they were all unscripted.
Best improvised scene. Leo in Django, when he cuts his hand on the skull
1:29 "Game over man! Game over!" Paxton kills me everytime with that line. 
Denzel Washington.......Training day. The King Kong scene! How is that not included? 
iirc the "tears in the rain" line was not so much improvised, as it was thought up by a producer during a production meeting.
if you seen Django, the dinner scene at candyland, where mr. candy is telling the story about why slaves were so submissive. Leo Decaprio hammers the skull and cuts his hand, that whole scene was improvised by leo and for him to keep character during the pain was awesome work.
It's in the hole! 
Wow, at 0:55 not only Matt Damon looks at the camera crew, you can actually hear someone laughing in the background!! 
Ummm...Chevy Chase in National Lampoons Christmas Vacation is the single greatest unscripted piece in the history of the movies...yet it's not on your list..."Where's the Tylenol?"
these scenes, all he actors followed the simple rule that the actors today need to learn, you are NOT playing the character, you are the character, that's why these scenes were epic. 
clockwork orange just makes me puke..
You haven't watched it? Dude, I keep going back to the movie every once in a while just to watch that short bit of a sequence for some reason. In that one tiny sequence, Rutger adds a lifetime worth of depth and character...atleast that's what I think of it anyway.
heath ledger your a fucking legend god bless 
In "The Usual Suspects," that scene was supposed to be intense and dark. The reason all the characters are cracking up is because the actor in the center would not stop farting through the scene. True story.
i am amazed that the neverending story wasn't on it were the luck dragon says i like children 
3:22 the line everyone who ever saw that movie was thinking at that moment, right after "HOLY SHIT!"
3:22 the line everyone who ever saw that movie was thinking at that moment, right after "HOLY SHIT!"
fuccck that was unscripted in good will hunting never would have known... fit right in
Can't believe warriors, full metal jacket, unusual suspect briljant
I guess Ermey's improvisation here makes up for that gay kiss.
Oh my god. I just died.
For The Usual Suspects line up scene, it's even funnier knowing the actors were actually laughing 
some of these were scripted.
because he had diarrhea 
Where is I got a jar of dirt?
You forgot when the glass fall on the kids in Jurassic park, that wasn't suppose to happen. Those screams were real.
Like tears in the rain!? That is an incredible line! Welp looks like I'll finally break down and watch the movie.
Matt damons story was fuckin unbearable by the way. Made u really not like this asshole that whole point of the movie is too save.
Love the warriors one!
A really really good list I have watched it before and would love to see another one!
The last one was the best
Oh bladerunner you glorius bastard.
If you do him in the ass at least have the common courtesy to give him a reach around
im walkin here, im walkin here
Would you have the common courtesy to give him a reach around?
what about the scene from the breakfast club where they all tell the stories of why they got Saturday detention?
You forgot the scene in Goodfellas when Joe Pesci was not amused with Ray Liotta's laughing.
Where the hell is the Indiana Jones part where he shoots the guy with the sword?? That wasn't in the script...
#22 is from knocked up not 40 year old Virgen
I just watched this video.
Kubrick was infamous for shooting many many many many many takes of scenes. They didn't crack up because they had been there already for hours listening to variations on the same thing.
Game over, MAN!
That scene from Full Metal Jacket is so full of epicness. 
that was my favorite scene in any batman movie, not to mention probably one of the coolest "Joker" scenes in any series, and to find out he add libbed it...SPECTACULAR!!! 
how about the the scene in Indiana Jones: Raiders of the Lost Ark, when Harrison Ford shots the guy with the sword. totally improvised, and awesome. 
It was special in the fact that Ledger was 100% in character and responded accordingly. He was simply supposed to stand there, instead during the scripted pause in explosions he stopped looked around expecting the explosions to continue and then looked to his detonator as if something was wrong with it at which point he began pressing the button on the detonator furiously the explosions proceeded on que. It was totally and 100% in character and was the perfect response.
Yea full metal jacket by far
give me the keys cock sucka mutha fucker 
fuckin awesome shows how smart these actors really are 
22 is Knocked Up.
There is no way these were unscripted
I got a jar of dirt for slots 26-1
Now THAT'S some great improv.
Dennis Hopper Christopher Walken dialogue in True Romance is another one. 
Don't even have the common curtesy to give him a reach around
the best is tears in the rain 
Why? He's an actor. That's what actors do.
It means the actors improvised, or there was an accident - like when Woody Allen sneezes the drug.
I can't believe Matt Damon's story was improvised that's crazy.
well thing are written down for all the actors to say, but if they decide to add some words to what they were suppose to say, that means it's unscripted. It just means the actors themselves made up the words.
what does it mean if a scene is "unscripted"?
youre picture suits what you said perfectly 
put the #1 clip as your thumbnail. way to blow your wad.
Is this like Commentception?
Dude... same....
I like that Full Metal Jacket takes the top, one thing though, Marine Corps Drill Instructors spoke like that on a daily basis. So while this was impromptu, it is pretty common jargon for a DI. Which is why all Marines laugh their ass off every time they watch the scene.
I like that Full Metal Jacket takes the top, one thing though, Marine Corps Drill Instructors spoke like that on a daily basis. So while this was impromptu, it is pretty common jargon for a DI. Which is why all Marines laugh their ass off every time they watch the scene.
Correction, he was a US Marine Corps Drill Instructor. Drill sergeants are Army.
The Joker in the Dark Knight was probably the best acting I've ever seen. R.I.P. Heath. 
Because he was told to just stand there while it blew up, what he ended up doing was so entirely in character with the Joker that it counts
No, just no
Know it's a threesome!
yeah, deserved to be higher up the list imo
Cool to see that "I'm walkin' here", a stereotypical quote of a New Yorker, was improvised.
Whoa, really? OH! OH! Me too, see? This is so AMAZING!
I still like the line "Because I just turned GAY all of sudden!" in "bringing up baby." Best line of the whole boring thing.
Not with that avatar you will.
I love that scene! Its how the joker would respond to his well "planned" explosions. He had all these intricate plans and I'm sure they may have not all gone perfectly, and Ledger's reaction is almost exactly how I would imagine the joker would respond!
where is the "ive got a jar of dirt!" scene? thats the best improvised scene of all time!
How did the other actors not crack up when Ermey did that scene?
KILL IT WITH FIRE!
This was excellent. Thank you.
It says in the video that the throwing was scripted, but the line "think fast" was unscripted.
Its funny how game over man in Aliends turned out to be one of the famour iconic lines, and it wasnt even scripted! 
How is dark knight a good unscripted sene ? He was just looking around nothing special
Holy dog shit! A comment? Only steers and queers post comments on Youtube.
Where is the crash from the french connection? That was a real, unscripted crash
amen to that brotha amen without him it would just be a asshole yelling like you said he made it what it was 
Yea he was just epic in Dark Knight.
He made that film what it was, pure classic.
haha the number 1 full metal jacket i heared 9 not sure if its true ) that they had a actor and R Lee was just a advisor but when he kept rambling on with his curse words they put him in the movie i can see why if most of his lines where improvised
It's really hard to believe that all those lines were unscripted.
Interview with Malkovich said the can throwing was in fact scripted. It was one of the writers, not an extra. Don't know which to believe :O
waw i didnt know that.. his character was my favorite movie character of all time thx for the info
This needs to be redone to include the scene from Django Unchained where Leonardo Dicaprio really hurt his hand and kept going.
No way, so did I! We have so much in common, we should have sex.
R.I.P. Heath Ledger. You will be missed. 
R L Ermey was a real drill sgt. He was instructed to insult them for a while. He probably used a lot of his material from his time in service. If you watch the whole scene some guys are smiling in the background.
As I have posted a reply.
Classic Kubrick for you. Keeping it authentic and perfect, no matter what.
 A drill instructors wealth of knowledge and use of the English language AND the spoken word never ceased to amaze me. I always wondered, just how did a Drill Instructor find out about a "Reach Around?'
 Soldiers???? O gawd, please don't let R. Lee Ermey EVER read this! They were MARINES, and they used a platoon of recent graduates to film the Boot Camp scenes.
leave the gun, take the cannoli
Another great improv is in Django Unchained when Leonardo DiCaprio accidentally cut his hand when smashing his fist down on the table and hitting a glass. Despite being injured, he proceeded in character and even rubbed his own blood over Kerry Washington’s face.
Congratulations! -Brick Road
Loading Comment . . .
Unscripted does not equal improvised. Sometimes they make changes during a shoot, which means it will differ from the script, but they still know what to say, before they say it, so it's still not improvised.
If I recall correctly, Kubrick intentionally made the filming of the movie a fucking nightmare for the actors just so they would feel like legit soldiers.
Awesome way to end it, bro. ;D 
One of the best videos on youtube!!!
HOLY DOG SHIT! xD roflmao
green screen! :D
All of Jeff Goldblum's lines are improvised 100% of the time. He just walks on set uninvited, and starts yapping away.
Um, the assertion that all of R. Lee Ermey's lines in Full metal Jacket were improvised is pure hogwash. When Ermey auditioned for the role, he did some improvisation, maybe that's what has you confused. A lot of his lines were recycled from his audition. And some of what he says is standard Marine DI stuff. In fact, the "only steers and queers" line is also in An Officer and a Gentlemen with only slight variation.
25 Great Scripted Scenes in Films*
We all know giving a reach-around is a common courtesy.
We all know giving a reach-around is a common courtesy.
LIES! The Joker explosion scene was ALL scripted, even the part where he hits the detonator. There's a video where the director explains that he wanted the joker to do that, act like wtf.
scarface making the best out of the situation
most of this is bullshit
JAWS wins for me.
Same with the " Here's Johnny!" 
farting wife just made my day XD
For a pro actor it's fairly easy to keep a straight face.
The captions don't add much. It's obvious that if a scene made this list it was improvised. 
Full metal jacket awsome movie
Why is: "I've got a jar of dirt!" not here??
''Were gonna need a bigger boat'' one of the most memorable lines in movie history improvised? brilliant
Ha ha ha. Coward. Amlo Lopez replied with this: "GOOD IDEA, BUT I THINK IS BETTER IF YOU SITDOWN ON A BASEBALL BAT AND USE VASELINE., AL DAY LONG. " but quickly removed it. Can't stand behind your words? Don't use em, coward. Then again, he might be scared that someone thinks he's fixating a LITTLE too much on particular activities for it not to seem like his own preferences. Not that it bothers me whichever way HE swings. To each their own. Just stop trying to invite me to participate already
Huh. Okay. Here's how to have a great Mother's Day. Find an incredibly hot fire and step into it. Stand there until it no longer hurts.
The fu? What a dork.
And DeNiro got "You talkin' to me" from Bruce Springsteen too.
They were probably scared shitless.
colgate was standard issue apparently 
They're not improvised, they're ad libbed.
22 is from knocked up
I ran around saying "Warriors come out and plaaayaa" all through the '80es and nobody knew what the hell I was talking about... I loved the Warriors and that other '80es film, where the teacher stand up to the bullies and one of the bullies ends up getting his arm cut of in a saw accident - what's it called again?
the usual suspects one was priceless!
mind = blown
Lee Ermey brought the house down! That was some mean talking that could scare the shit out of anybody and it's all improvised! He's the best hands down.
Wow, four Stanley Kubrick films! That guy was a genius at casting. 
With how accurate a lot of Saving Private Ryan is, one thing that bugged me was how white Matt Damon's teeth were.
GAMEOVERMAN
peter grifin: hey look its tim honks
Warriors
it was all improvised i met him in person in camp roberts california in 2003 getting ready to go to iraq and asked him if it was and told me yes , he was a real drill instructor in the corp.
Some Iron Will they must have had! :)
how did I get here?
It says in the bottom left: "The Warriors", I'm sure you could find the full movie on youtube for free, and if not: netflix.
... I've got a jar of dirt?
i dont respect your opinion at all your fucking retarted 
The drill sargent was amazing lol
What movie is the one where he says come out to play warriors
Because R. Lee. Ermey was an actual drill instructor so they were probably scared shitless 
I can
I think The Dark Knight explosion scene is clearly number one, because it couldn't be remade.
I know that everyone is entitled to their own opinion, but you are the dumbest fuck that I have ever come across. In the case that you are just trolling, then congratulations, you've pissed me off. Otherwise, I think the world would be a far better place if you were not in it. With all the hatred that can possibly be mustered, Everyone Else on the Planet
2:25 so awesome xD
What if they are scripted cuz they look scripted
You guys forgot Pirates of the Caribbean. "I've got a jar of dirt!" was totally unscripted, and you can see it in the reactions. Orlando Bloom even looked at the camera guys like "Are we really going through with this?"
r lee ermey was actually a drill sergeant in real life.
I have just posted a comment on YouTube.
you never served have you? thats something a vet would never say.
How good is jesus! Lord save us all and lord lord lord! Jesus is Lord. do you agree?
I can't believe those guys could keep a straight face in that Full Metal Jacket scene if it was all improvised
Also in the second film, where Viggo kicks the helmet, he broke one of his toes and his scream was from the pain, if I'm not mistaken
Also in the second film, where Viggo kicks the helmet, he broke one of his toes and his scream was from the pain, if I'm not mistaken
Though the WARRIORS IS THE BEST!
Still the Usual Suspect was the best!
GAME OVER MAN GAME OVER!
Matt Damon or Robin Williams?
Wasn't the line also in the book?
Originally R. Lee Ermey was turned down for the role as the drill sergeant in Full Metal Jacket until he decided to start screaming in the casting people's face. Side note: It would have been nice to see "Good Morning Vietnam" in the list, the majority of the radio show scenes were entirely improvised by Robin Williams
who is the man at 0:59 .. ?
DO YOU SUCK DICK! SIR NO SIR! XD
In english..................wat da fuuuck
These unscripted scenes make me wanna yell "FUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUCK!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!"
I think the scene from Titanic where Kate Winslet spat in Billy Zane's face should've been in there. In the script it was meant for Winslet to take out a hairpin and stab him with it. Say what you will about the movie, but the scene that replaced the original connected well with the earlier spitting scene and was a nice f u to Zane's character.
Lawl full metal jacket.
Wait, that scene on "Here's Johnny" Was scripted. They even redid that scene about 100 times just to get it perfect.
Faggot.
""give me the fuckin keys ya cock sucker" what da fuuuck" lol
22 is from Knocked up
yep i agree. i am glad to see freaky ipad3 which i got previous week as a gift from yt/apple questionnaire. but i can tell you one thing, is really easy to register for your ipad3 gift, just give ur email and mobile num. its worth a try here -> bit.ly/ZO4abO?=xfpqj
like how does improvising work. do they just tell them okay just ramble on about some shit in this scene here. or do they just say something completely different on there own from how the script is supposed to be because it sounds better
No "funny? Funny how?" from Goodfellas.
Ugh Pirates of the Caribbean is so overrated. So was Depp's performance in that film. So glad you didn't include it there. 
No. 1 ALWAYS.. makes me laugh 
What about all of Spinal Tap? :O)
thanks man 
Power Rangers: The Movie - "I'm a frog."
its the person who made its opinion what is one, not yours.. 
What's missing is Apocalypse Now. "I love the smell of napalm in the morning, smells like..........victory". 
2:07 - the scene from the usual suspects... They are all laughing because one of them (i think Baldwin) farted and it supposedly smelled absolutely horrible.
Saving private ryan
Tears in Rain should've been 1
agreed! lol
What about Wayne's World, Garth asking about Bugs Bunny dressed as a woman?
Wow, I feel bad for the actress. That's unsanitary. I hope she didn't catch anything, and he better have apologized. ... That said, THAT WAS BRILLIANT!! Not too many actors can say they've bled for their art.
I know this video was way before django unchained came out.....but the scene where Dicaprio cuts his hand and wipes the blood on the slave at the dinner table is completely improvised, it was really his blood, and it was a real cut he received when he slammed his hand on the table.
The "Wwaaarriooors come out and PLaaayyyaaaayy" should of been #1, thats been remade and put into so many songs. EEEVErrrrybody knows that, besides how was the one that got #1 in that spot? That was totally opinionated.
Full Metal Jacket. There were four of director Stanley Kubrick's movies on this list I reckon.
nah..it wasn't green screen..you can see it on DVD extras or ''The making of'' etc.
I don't know if it was or not (I would suspect it was personally) but either way, they probably verbally talk through what's happening behind the Joker as he's walking even with the green screen, so he could still improvise.
The Usual Suspects scene was originally supposed to be serious. They were all laughing because Benicio Del Toro kept ripping nasty farts. The director decided the scene worked better with them goofing around like that so he left it as-is.
Its really fun to watch some of the scenes I do remember the most, are unscripted.. really fascinating but the one thing I do remember from good will hunting is actually that scene where Robin Williams talks about his farting wife.. 
That awkward moment when the two top comments are the same
I got a jar of dirt! I got a jar of dirt! I got a jar of dirt! I got a jar of dirt! And guess what's inside it!
Whats the last movie called? 
"Gimme da fuckn keys you cock sucka what da faack"
GIVE ME THE FUCKING KEYS YOU FUCKING CACK SACKA MATHA FACKA-AL-AA-A-A-A-ALA-A 
WHAT!? Where is the Baby Gorilla line from 'Dirty Work'? 
5:45 
i thought when Joker blew up the hospital it was on the green screen
Full Metal Jacket FTW 
I think the scene in "Goodfellas" with Tommy and Henry in the club-"How am I funny-tell me!"-was all improvised.
I think the scene in "Goodfellas" with Tommy and Henry in the club-"How am I funny-tell me!"-was all improvised.
hilarious
all very good stuff, but i like the one between Hoffman and the taxi driver the most. totally out of control, spontaneity at its best. 
2:00 I wasn't expecting that im still laughing
5:39
Hmm, I'm sure Full Metal Jacket deserved first place 'cause 1. it was a great response ;d 2. R. L. Ermey had surely a great charisma if he could get such a perfectionist as Kubrick into filming improvised scene.
yes 1000 person to dislike
yeah true... that scene was friggin badass and by accident too! and from the DvD commentary(i own the dvd) it was a real knife that was flying straight at this face too, not some fake dull movie prop... imagine if viggo missed... good gawd
lol. i respect your opinion but you are a fucking retard
so glad FMJ was #1...what they don't mention is that not only was R Lee Ermey a talented actor but he was an actual drill instructor for the Marine Corps...he's no bullshit
some of these are too epic to even comprehend. The "Game Over!" line was one of the best 
1:29 game over man that sound clip used in an old dos game spit wad willy
Take your thumb out of your ass.
yep, looks like i'll be watching full metal jacket tonight lol.
i got a jar of dirt!!!
Yeah, a drill sergeant slowly driving that weak spirited man is funny as hell. 
I BET YOU'RE THE KIND OF GUY TO FUCK A PERSON IN THE ASS AND NOT EVEN HAVE THE GODDAMN COMMON COURTESY TO GIVE HIM A REACH AROUND.
In Lord of the Rings, when Aragorn, Viggo's character was fighting Lurtz the Uruk, Lurtz was supposed to throw a wayward dagger and hit a tree. But when Lurtz threw the knife, the mask was obstructing the actors vision. Viggo hitting it away with his sword most likely saved his life.
they have only one shot for the explosion, becoz they gonna blow everything up, so its only one take, but there was a delay in the explosion, thats where u see ledger goes penguin flipping arms then checking the detonate button
Full m
You forgot Johnny Depp's line in Pirates of the Caribbean, "I got a jar of dirt!"
Was the Joker scene with the hospital unscripted?
Kudos to the directors for knowing to keep these in
Robert De Niro was only told to LOOK in the mirror, with no monologue at all. So everything he says is improvised
And the man never blinks. Ever.
funny how some of the most iconic moments and lines of cinema were improvised haha.
That was brilliant. Thank you.
Type the quote into google & see what you get, or type something like 'classic movie improv's'. there's probably loads of sites.
2:30 the world uglyiest person ever
I heard Will Smith's line "What the hell is that smell!" in independence day wasn't scripted and he said that because there was a terrible smell on set that he couldn't ignore anymore, where do I go to confirm something like that? 
Great actors, funny...﻿
prove it... 
WARRIORSSSSSS COME OUT TO PLAAAAAAAYYYAYYYYYYYYY
love that scene.
What about Johnny depp's, "I got a jar of dirt!" Scene?
Dark knight rises..LOL at Joker
Full Metal Jacket. The "steers and queers" line is originally from An Officer and a Gentleman.
oh man.. the usual suspects one was too funny GIMMIE THE KEYS YOU COCKSUCKING MOTHER FUCKAAAAALALALALALALALALALALALALAALA
Lol one of my favorite vids of all time.
I never knew :D, good stuff
"Give me the fucking keys u cock sucking motherfukaaaaaaaaaaa" lmao
full metal jacket, if you haven't seen it, ... just go watch it now and come back when you're done
You can clearly see it in the video.
What is the last movie ? 
The Dark Knight <3
I like Benicio del Toro in the Usual Suspects... :) 
The other thing about the Michael Madsen scene was that the line about having "a kid" was unscripted and really shook him up because he had just had his first child...but he delivered the scene as a total psycho anyway.
No pulp fiction scenes make this whackass list weak. Where's the great Samuel L. Jackson classic scenes? WTF!?!?? "I'm a mushroom cloud layin muthafucka, muthafucka!!! "
The Joker one was funny. Heath Ledger is like "What the hell?!"
montano653, yes. they are both classics for a reason. 
montano653, yes. they are both classics for a reason. 
BR = best sci fi movie of all time.
I never watched but, I always see people rave about Full Metal Jacket and Blade Runner. Are they any good?
If I was fuckin a guy in the ass, you better believe I'd have the common courtesy to give him a reach-around.
"I got a jar of dirt" was my favorite in prirates of the caribean dead man's chest 
R. Lee is not just an actor, he was the real deal. Makes sense.
One great unscripted moment was in Indianna Jones Raiders of the Lost Arc- when that swordsman came on in the crowd and did all the fancy-flinging-around-the-sword- showing off thing, Harrison Ford was meant to take out his whip but couldn't get it so got the gun instead!
the biggest quote in history "we're gunna need a bigger boat" unscripted amazing
this is unscripted FUCK OFF loll
.... Most of those were scripted!
Yes, that is in the video above. 
In the movie "the cable guy" Jim Carry improvised the whole "Hello clarice, its good to see you again." and Matthew Broderick's reaction to him actually putting chicken skins on his face was subtle, but epic lol 
I think The Breakfast Club is great too :/
@ 4:10 "The Shinning" Huh? (The Shining)
thats the BEST movie of all time & the closest & most real movie about vietnam there is & IS done by real events by Private Joker plus R. Lee Ermey is ACTUALLY is drill instructor & all his shit he said is for real the shit hed say to his real marines! so fuck you, you commie bastard and learn your shit 
Where's the "How am I funny" bit from Goodfellas? Joe Pesci totally ad-libbed that....
Nicely done.
Whats the name of the guy on the 17?
Amazingly bad.
It's a scripted FICTION movie you idiot, not real life... do you not know the difference?
Full metal Garbage was the biggest peace of commie shit that faggot Kubrick ever shoveled. ps...why do idiot feel compelled to repeat stupid movie lines in their silly posts.
He was still amazing none the less. Amazing movie overall as well.
It was written in the script that Han would reply with, "I love you too", but Harrison Ford (being the genious he is) didn't think that line fit his character very well.
I was expecting the scene in Indiana Jones 2 where he was supposed to have a big sword fight with two guys but instead just shot them both.
ok i just watched the hole thing just for the end lawl worth it
"I know" really wasn't on the script? lol ♥
Oh yes they yell alot
Full metal jacket omg,funny as hell.the best part I think was "DO YOU SUCK DICK?SIR NO SIR!BULLSHIT I BET YOU COULD SUCK A GOLF BALL THROUGH A GARDEN HOSE!!
What about Alien?
that was midnight cowboy 
Regarding 11: The line in the original script was for Han Solo to say "I love you too", but Harrison Ford felt this was completely out of character for loveable rogue Solo, so he changed it to "I know".
I found the drill instructor the funniest :D
no inception? damnit
Tears in Rain was unscripted?!! That makes it even so much better for me!!! 8D
The last one had me dying !! xD !!
I always liked Han Solo trying to BS his way out of trouble in the detention block of the Death Star. 
"Do you suck dicks!?" lol
And he said, “Anyway, no one would be able to drive by and hit you in the head with a beer can.” And, like, 20 people within hearing range raised their hands and said, “Well, I’d like to try, Spike.” So a writer chucked it and hit me in the head on the very first take. But it was scripted. 
I got curious and looked it up Shain. I used to be an actor and knew it wouldn't go down that way. Time Out Chicago: The scene in Being John Malkovich where a guy in a car throws a beer can at your head: I heard that wasn’t scripted but just a drunken extra. John Malkovich: One could certainly wish for that, but no, sadly, that isn’t true. It was scripted, and it was gonna be cut because Spike [Jonze] felt we were running out of time. (continued)
finally. someone on youtube that knows what annotations are for.
No, it was legit. The extras were drunk, and they were suppose to just drive by. 
Nice post - thanks
I came for full metal jacket
I thought it was unscripted SCENES, not unscripted lines. Most of these are like, one throwaway line.
I got to the first one and will call bullshit. Extras don't talk, they don't throw things and they don't ride in cars driving by a lead actor. That scene was set and probably took 20 times before they got it right. Now I'll go watch the others. :)
R. Lee Ermey is the best 
Full Metal Jacket the best one!!!
great stuff keep them coming
I was skeptical of a comment of that magnitude, but when I clicked the timecode and heard that, I concur. Personally anyway.
4:13.................best scene is movie history right there
4:13.................best scene is movie history right there
Robert Shaw's story about the marines in the water with the sharks in Jaws was improvised from what I have heard, or at least some of it.
I can see why they were all pissing themselves during The Usual Suspects.
Dislikes*
i saw one with 61,000 and no likes
You forgot ALL MY FAVORITES
WHAT?!?! NO "CLUE?!?!"
I think youtube deleted all the dislikes. 
I knew it was not an original scene in Apocalypto - it broke and made me laugh. "I'm walking here" is pretty popular. I'd seen Apocalypto's scene first. 
No, yesterday there was a bug. With no dislikes added. Now there is.
R. Lee Ermey... everything he does.... just wonderful. 
He only got the role because he stood at attention while being pelted with lemons while barking out drill insults for 15 minutes without losing his concentration and without repeating himself once. Kublick was so impressed, he hired Ermey on the spot.
Stanley Kublick actually had to stop filming and ask Ermey what a "reach-around" was.
It says 984 on mine.
blade runner quoting Rimbaud made me fucking cry when i first watched it
Full Metal Jacket all day bitches!
"How tall are you, Private?!" "Sir, 5'9" sir!" "5'9"? I didn't know they stacked shit that high!"
Close to 7000000 hits, over 50000 likes and not a single fucking dislike! Love it!
Is it possible to disable dislikes on videos? 
I had no idea that R. Lee was a real drill instructor until someone told me. He plays his role so damn good I sat there for months trying to figure out how he put so much intensity behind it till I found out it was in his nature lol.
Full Metal Jacket is an epic film. And the film Goofellas was the best improvised script by Joe Pesci '' funny how? i make you laugh? 
R. Lee Ermey is a fuckin hero...
1:58 :DDD I totaly ROFLed!!! :D
fucking matt damon....
I'm sorry, I don't want to act like Mr know-it-all but thats not entirely true. The explosion was planned to have a pause in it, and they took about 12 practice runs for it to get everything right. I was told the same thing but later saw behind the scenes for the whole explosion. All that could be considered improvised was that Ledger wasnt told by anyone how to act out the scene, he just did what he thought joker would do, such as not looking at the explosion.
This is true but im not going to quote scenes from Zoolander saying that it was from meet the parents just because Owen Wilson and Ben Stiller were in those movies together. 
For "The Dark Knight" the explosion stopping wasn't scripted, there was actually something wrong with it, but Ledger was in character and kept on acting so Nolan kept the films rolling and then the explosions went off. I think they did an interview of this with him when they were talking about this movie a while back.
R. Lee Ermey was, in fact, a USMC Drill Instructor so I doubt it was hard for him to come up with the dialog. They're usually pretty sharp.
One that definitely should have been added was the Goodfellas scene where Joe Peci is saying "I'm funny? I'm funny how? I make you laugh? I'm here to fucking amuse you? I'm funny how?" was all unscripted. The shocked look on everybody's face is genuine. 
I just look it up and your right I thought it was Knocked up because in that movie, both actors were in the car talking (headed to vegas) about shrooms Very similar sceans 
do you suck dicks?
The dislike counter is screwing up, almost every video you watch today will have no dislikes.
The Usual Suspects scene is funny as hell, because I can relate lol
Wow, so my favourite scenes are actually improvised? Especially Full Metal Jacket? Well, excellent! I know that Ermey was actual involved in the army so 'ye.
No 1 is fucking amazing. i loved full metal jacket.
WOAH, 6 million view and not one dislike. thats amazing never seen that before
you have great taste! XD i loved it! hahahaha 
It was knocked up. However theirs a very similar scene in 40 yov when they have the same "you know how i know youre gay" argument.
This video has the most likes without dislikes I've ever seen.
no it was 40 year old virgin i think 
"Take the Cannoli" 
Ghostbusters has another good one. When they're in the mayor's office and the EPA guy is ranting, the line "It's true, this man has no dick" was improvised. Also, at least a third (if not more) of Genie's dialogue in Aladdin wasn't in the script.
Only steer and queers come from Texas!
either way, both them actors were in both movies so ehh
What's with Lord of the Rings where Aragorn broke his toe ?
Mordecai put your phone away mordecaaiii put your phone awaaaaaayyyyy
Full metal jacket's was very god. He's a great improv actor- not sure how many people have watched any of his improv.
Incorrect but you can go ahead and think that sir.
The god damn common courtesy
The god damn common courtesy
But most of the insult and threats were made up by the actor
we watched a part of Dr strangelove in history class today.
I love how much Bill Murray is on the list :)
saving private ryan that story was the greates part in the whole movie i still use the line take a noise dive hahaha good times 
#22 Was "Knocked Up" not "40 Year old virign"
I hear that. Like his fight scene in Run Ronnie Run where he's fighting a fat kid who is badass at martial arts is hilarious even though hes all serious. It doesn't hurt that the song playing in the fight scene has the lyrics "ASS KICKING FAT KID! ASS KICKING FAT KID!" being repeated throughout. XD
Full metal fucking jacket
good clip, but one i would add is the Indiana Jones where he shoots the guy with the sword that is classic!! 
Most of these scenes arent unscripted...
Also great is the Miracle Max scene from the Princess Bride.
No shit, thats why its number one
*Psychaitrist
Last one was the best
haha full metal jacket unscripted, kubrick did 50 takes for that scene
the reggie scene in Bad Boys 2 shoulda been here
5:33 the best part
You know ... same here. The real thing that makes it so funny is that R. Lee is so deadpan and dead serious when he delivers it. It's the contrast that smacks you right in the funny bone!
Those lines always make me wonder and laugh insanely whenever I watch it.
great list
I'd heard that Harrison was acutally really ill, so he just asked (George) Lucas, why can't I just shoot him? I'm wearing a gun..." 
Ah fascinating indeed....that man was such a talent! ...Brando that is! 
I didn't know about that! LOL!
hiw about the scene in Raiders of the lost Ark, where Indy shoots the guy who is showing of with his sword? It was scripted as a big swordplay scene, but it had to be redone so many times, that Harrison Ford got tired of it and just shot him.
no, it was from what it is titled.
the 40 year-old virgin one was from knocked up actually...
wheres welcome to prime bitch from nightmare on elm street 3 that was unscripted 
What about in the Dark Knight when Heath Ledger clapping when Gordon gets his commissioner promotion?
I thought that there was a scene in "True Romance" with Christopher Walmken that was improvised... 
I think Johnny Depp's "I got a jar of dirt!" scene from Pirates of the Caribbean should have been in here. 
penis 
colgate sounds like a gun lmao "the colgate 50 cal." has a nice ring to it
It sounds like Robin William's storytelling skills rubbed off on Matt Damon
Harland Williams' dialogue with Ben Stiller as the crazy hitchiker in "Something About Mary" was largely unscripted...chipmunks twirling on branches, ur dreaming of gorgonzola when its clearly brie time baby, step into my office....cuz ur fkn fired, seats made out of cactus etc lol.
You forgot the "Do You Think I'm Funny" scene from Goodfellas.
Here's JOHNNY!
As soon as the R. Lee said "I bet you're the type a guy to fuck a person in the ass.." id of starting laughing so hard if I were the actor he were telling it too, so unless they kept trying to reshoot it (the scene and that particular line in dailogue) itd of never of been in the actual movie. Thankfully im not an actor.
Colgate is the best toothpaste? I use crest...
Pushing the button should have started the explosion but it didn't so he improvised. Truly amazing isn't it? 
how was that dark night scene un scripted?? 
I love that fmj scene it always gets me!!!
actually the joker one is incorrect. the trigger was indeed supposed to detonate the whole thing at once, only it did not.ledger improvised that part
And it's a magnificent line, “You're an errand boy, sent by grocery clerks, to collect a bill.” It just freaking defines the movie, while flawlessly updating Conrad's Heart of Darkness. The whole story is this guy headed into the heart of darkness to terminate this primitive natural leader's command, to extract the ultimate payment for going law of the jungle on that little society...for the sake of the civilized...to make the place civil transaction safe. Pure genius from Brando.
What you're missing is this: Manfred Mann's song, 'Blinded by the Light'... everybody screws-up the line as, 'wrapped-up like a douche', when actually the line is, 'revved up like a deuce'. So Stewie screws-it-up the other way around.
Oh how I miss Heath Ledger.
Because its been said by the actors and makers that they were...
Give the me the keys cock suuuuckkkkeeeeeerrr!!
He was just doing his job... He was a drill seargant for years before he became an actor. He is talented for sure. This isn't the best example of it though. 
He never need to ACT, because in real life he is a Vietnam veteran, was a marine drill instructor and is a complete badass since was born. He is someone that we call in Peru: un conchesumadre con el que no debes chocar.
He never need to ACT, because in real life he is a Vietnam veteran, was a marine drill instructor and is a complete badass since was born. He is someone that we call in Peru: un conchesumadre con el que no debes chocar.
BULLshit! i bet you could suck a golf ball through a GARDEN HOSE!
truly? Well that makes it even more awesome then! 
no it wasn't that was all johnny depp
it's scripted...
the one with Dustin Hoffman was really good.
Where does your anger come from? :-(
why isn't pirates of the Caribbean, 'i've got a jar of dirt' scene not in this?
close enough for me 
im realy disapointed that the scens in privite ryan was fake ITS SUPOSED TOO BE A REAL STORY THAT HAPPENED GODAMMIT!! 
R. Lee Ermey is extremely experienced. He was a DI in the marine corps for 11 years :P 
Fuckiest and useless mother fucking condom hole video.....uploading person should suck my dick...he will get enlightened... Sick Americans......die mutha fucker
Heath Ledger :)
"The Usual Suspects"
"I bet you could suck a golf ball through a garden hose!"
what 7 million? i dont see that number i see 6,599,353 views doesn't look like 7,000,000 to me
number 14 was in regular show
There is a reason you have 7 million hits that was great
R Lee Ermey
what movie was 2:05?
Rutger Hauer <3
well played.
I need guns AND Colgate. :(
Not only was he a Marine, but he was a Marine Drill Sgt, so I guess he said those lines a time or two.
I appreciate your honesty.... stating to him about the misspelling was of course a sarcastic jab because of his first reply to me. 
I know what douche is... I'm am not 12 also. I am quite positive that he meant deuce like stewie griffin not the word douche. you know in family guy how stewie will say instead of Douche bag he will say "Deuce bag." and if I am missing something here like a joke let me know... I'm not one to pick up on things like that easily :P 
You missed out Indie! You also clearly improvised the spelling of the surname of Michael Madsen.
Uh huh....well, you're clearly just a troll, I bid you farewell.
Arec Bardwin
yes he did :'(
He was a Marine, he knew how they acted ;)
Only if they got the best actors out there
I know right, I LOVE that scene :D
Marlon Brando is said to have hated Francis Ford Coppala’s script and improvised most of his lines. Including one of the most quotable lines of the movie: “You’re an errand boy, sent by grocery clerks, to collect a bill.”
Hello, have you heard about Ripped X Beast? (check on Google) You will discover the crimes we commit against ourselves. With Ripped X Beast, you will discover how to get ripped quickly.
do you suck diks SR NO SR hahahahahahha
i WISH i'd never seen it- over-rated pile of garbage, sensationalized by its cult fans "wow, you're thick" that's what your gramma said HUH HUH
Blade runner shout have been first
The Dark Knight should be #1 they used a bomb, nuff said...
How could you forget about Johnny Depp's scene in Pirates of the Caribbean when he stands up in the boat and yells "I got a jar of dirt".... 
That's cool! Thank you for posting it!
Yep he is! But it was natural for him, since he had actually BEEN a Marine drill sergeant in Vietnam (I think it was Vietnam. LOL) So he was just doing what he knew! :)
I feel like this is made up 
R. Lee Ermy makes chuck norris look like a little bitch
HEEEERREESS JONNY!!
maybe I'm wrong but wasn't Marlin Brando's entire Monologue from Apocalypse Now Improvised?
Private Ryans teeth are extremely white considering he has been involved in a gruesome war situation. Who needs guns when you have Colgate.
"Because you're wearing a white tie."
4:14 !!!!!! 
can't wait till someone comes up with a "25 Greatest useless bits of information about movies"
can't wait till someone comes up with a "25 Greatest useless bits of information about movies"
It obviously went over your head. I'll excuse you if you're 12
I still love the dark knight clip
You know what's funny? I have never watch Full Metal Jacket past the basic training. It's classic!
that sneeze was hilarious
SIR! TEXAS SIR!
Lets start a comment train! WHERE IN THE HELL YOU FROM PRIVATE?!
R. Lee Ermey is extremely talented
how was heres looking at you kid unscripted if its in the movie more than once
Seth Rogen and Paul Rudd do the "You know how I know you're gay?" scenes in many of their films, so it's easy to get confused.
this was awesome haha
The scene at :36 is from Knocked Up, not 40 Year Old Virgin. 
5:43-end funniest shit ever
lol
No, lines 100% improvised everything else scripted, the storyline of the movie but lines improvised with little direction.
The Alien chest burst somewhat fits into this category... in that they really freaked the hell out of all the actors, who had no clue it was going to be so bloody :D
waynes world? when wayne and garth are at the airport, talking about bugs bunny dressed up as a woman
No he spelled it right, He wrote the word "Deuce" like stewie griffin not "Douche"
like your name. but you mis-spelled "Douche"
Gunny nailed them all.
That was scripted, they just didn't tell any of the actors other than Johnny Depp about it
i think that the joker scene at the hospital couldve ranked higher, but otherwise I agree.
So... Life?
The ear scene...better not to like it.
Kubrick fan, but the clockwork beating still rudes me out.
"We're gonna need a bigger boat" should have been higher on the list.
I love Jodie Foster's genuine WTF face
Definitely some of the best scenes from all of these movies.. I'd like to see and entire movie improvised to be honest...
Love full metal jacket
FUCKING AWESOME!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
2:00 made me cry
Didnt see the annotation
that is why the annotation said that the improv was "take the cannoli" not "leave the gun"
Totally agree with 1. I'd intentionally screw up just to get chewed out by him.
22 is knocked up
How could you leave out one of the very best?! Harrison Ford shooting the sword-wielding man in Indiana Jones and the Raiders of the Lost Ark? He was supposed to fight the guy, but Ford was extremely sick due to native food he had eaten so he improvised and just shot him. Classic scene.
Godfather one should have been number 1
Leave the Gun. Take the Cannoli.
5:17 looks just like Messi, number 5 is a great reaction!
No Indiana Jones RotLA where he just shoots the guy because he wasn't feeling well?
It was unscripted. They only had one shot to do the demo.
the 10 best ever Wet, Wild, and Sexy Movie Scenes go to /watch?v=bweAidSzbKs&feature=youtu.be
do you?
do you? 
I believe 2o (The Dark Knight scene) was confirmed to be actually scripted.
Full Metal Jacket full unscripted part: "Who said that, who the fuck said that,
Hsshshshsshhshss
Awesome! I was waiting for the Don Rickles theater scene from Dirty Work. Norm said it was improvised on the local radio show here.
Game over man, game over!
Game over man, game over!
DO YOU SUCK DICK?!
Full metal jacket definitely deserved number one! Truly great film overall but that was just a brilliant line, I can't believe it was improv!
That were great that were !!
"Warriors, come out to playyyeyyy"
isnt 22 Knocked up not the 40 year old virgin?
No point break
To change your life Google: WikiGaïa
You missed out "I got a jar of dirt! I got a jar of dirt!" from PotC-DMC
Sir, I would never be so discourteous as to fail to offer a reacharound, sir! WE ARE CIVILIZED GODDAMNED MARINES SIR!
Hssssssssssss!
Gunny and Hoffman yelling at the taxi, best parts I think.
(\ *brohoof*
"You're going to need a bigger boat."
The joker/hospital explosion was not improvised. The pause was written in very specifically. You can see on the bonus features, they talk specifically about it. 
Actually, with the scene in the Joker, they only had one take to blow up the hospital, with the Joker walking away. when something went wrong with the explosion, Ledger reacted in character, prompting the director to keep rolling- Nothing in that scene was scripted.
I obeyed your profile picture months ago XD
i ate his liver with Hannibal
In Good Will Hunting, the camera is shaking because the cameraman is laughing so hard at Robin Wiliiam's story. 
You forget the scene from Armageddon where Bruce Willis improvised a scene to explain to his team why the FBI brought them to NASA.
no mention to terminator 2 " i need a vacation" ( 
A) How do you know B) How did you monetize this video - Thanks...
there is no way that both "we're going to need a bigger boat" and "here's Johnny" wasn't scripted 
Should of put in the famous scene from "They Live" It goes: I have come here to day to chew bubble gum and kick ass.... But I'm all out of bubble gum" The actor forgot his line and thought of that xD
this is absolutely hallarious stuff 
"Brajira of the Messiah" if you know the connection of that title to one of these movies please let me know, it's cool
I've gotta a jar of dirt!
Very interesting - some actors also have some writing talent. Did you avoid actresses, or don't they improvise?
Interesting to know what an actor/actress can bring to a film! 
very informative. thank you for this video
...and he didnt even give a reach around lmao
Jeez, A Clockwork Orange already ruined my view of the song Singing In the Rain, but to know it was 100% Improvised..... jeez...
You forgot Jack Sparrow I got a jar of dirt
Bullshit I bet you could suck a golf ball through a garden hose!
that is magic improve 
#1 Easy win
Full metal Jacket
what movie was the last one? 
The rest of the movie was great, just not that scene cos matt damon can't act as good as everyone else in saving private ryan, just my opinion i guess
No Matt Damon just has a crap acting laugh, not just in this movie is other movies and on tv shows as well, my opinion I guess. The rest of the movie was great though
...go back and play your X box...
my comment about this is .... SO WHAT!....... its not like they became household words... what a waste your time and mine. 
wheres private pile 
GIVE ME THE FUCKING KEYS, YA FUCKING COCK SUCK'N MOTHER FUCKAAHBHAHBAHAA!
because it's a nervous laugh. these characters are at war and are being traumatized. it's the kind of emotional laugh you would expect from someone who is telling a fond, humorous story about someone close to them who has recently passed away. 
so its not in the script? can u show me each script of each movie in you video and show me there every take in your movie is not i it?
You're terrible frosting.
are u a peter puffer!!!?
matt damon's acting in that scene in saving private ryan was terrible, such a fake laugh
LET ME SEE YOUR WAR FACE. AAAHHHHHHH
LET ME SEE YOUR WAR FACE. AAAHHHHHHH
Wow, u wouldn't thought some of them were unscripted
Basically another subjective top X but with high quality video throughout. 
WELL SORRY I'M WALKING HERE!
The Tears in Rain scene wasn't improvised. It was rewritten by Rutger Hauer prior to shooting and approved by Ridley Scott
That you John Wayne, is this me? Who said that?
I love you
Thank you for including the Tears In Rain scene!
"I'll bet you're the kind of guy that would fuck a person in the ass and not even have the GODDAMN common courtesy to give him a reach around!"
I think this list missed Shark Attack 3's unscripted line.
In the usual suspects scene; the guys are laughing because one of them keeps farting. :)
No matter how many times I watch the silence of the lambs that hsss sound will always scare the crap out of me
nice
Lets use Zapfino for our videos text cause its highly legible... Said no one ever...
The director didn't know what a "reach around" was, and yelled cut. After he was told what it was, he had them say the line again.
In Unusual Suspects line up Benicio Del Toro kept farting that why they were laughing. 
Are you talking to me? Then who hell are you talking to?
The director told Norton to hit Pitt in the ear, Pitt didn't know it was coming though.
why is every famous line improvised i think some might have at the least been talked over 
They forgot the "How am I funny?" scene from Goodfellas. 
yeah.....you've never seen Full Metal Jacket have you?
We're gonna need a bigger boat.
i expected norton hitting pitt in the ear..Great scene from fight club, pitt had no idea where norton would hit, the whole scene was authentic
:'l holy shiat man...
clockwork orange and taxi driver two of the most enjoyable films ever made. if you like rape scenes, gang fights and shoot outs that is. 
I also love the unscripted moment in "When Harry Met Sally" when Billy Crystal starts talking about pecan pie in a funny accent. Meg Ryan even glances off camera to Rob Reiner, and he gestured for her to go along with the improv. :)
you're right, my mistake :$ 
wARRIORS> Come out and PLAaaAAAAAAY!
lone ranger!
If you are looking to build strength, you should search google for Mega Muscle Method. You are bound to get the body you deserve.
The joker scene was all very much scripted.
kubrick fan !
Do you suck dicks!? Sir no sir!
ahahaha i read this comment before i watched the video, Made it that much funnier
OR when a director is working with a talented cast, and knows they are capable of improve-ing with style, he just says "KEEP ROLLING!" and sees what he gets. Even if no great lines come out of it, they still need filler for the outtakes and bloopers on the DVD! On the other hand, some writers throw a hissy fit if ANYone messes with their dialogue, but the writers who have the power to make it stick are few and far between...
"I know" was unscripted O_O FUCK YES LOL.
I repeated the line almost a 100 times but i'm still laughing
#20 WAS scripted...
What, no Raiders of the Lost Ark?
Like have of these became tropes for other movies.
Awsome! Could you check out my Short "THE LETTER" Thanks
I CANT BREATHHH
Only way this could have been better was if the first 5m41s was also filled by the plethora of zingers delivered by Mr. Ermey throughout "Full Metal Jacket". It's what he does for a living anyway...
It's best not to ask these questions. Movie buffs are easily rattled, as they generally don't much else going for them.
ooh fucking ra!
it's drill instructor, not drill sergeant. that's the Marine Corps., not the Army
HERES JOHNNY!!!
The usual suspects scene was improvised, but the reason all the actors were laughing and pushing each other was because one of the guys in the lineup farted, it was originally meant to be a serious scene but the directors thought that the improvisation worked better with the overall story. In full metal jacket the drill sergeant was an actual drill sergeant in the military and his whole job was improvised. he wasnt chosen for the best actor nomination in the oscars because he wasnt acting 
His clap when he was in jail was also improvised he played a hell of a joker!
well shiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiit it didnt show up when i originally watched the video.
well shiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiit it didnt show up when i originally watched the video.
Question... How the fuck do you know this about every movie?? lol
Surprise surprise, someone who can't follow instructions on the internet. Read the annotations.
There was another video like this but gave better details on the improv. For example "leave the gun" wasn't improv.
imagine? 
Where was Ive got a jar of dirt, that was the funniest unscripted part of any movie EVER
And Seth Rogen and Paul Rudd did that same "You Know How I Know You're Gay" thing in 40 year old virgin too
The original line from Star wars "I love you too".. But Ford didn't think that Solo would say that... Good call
tears in the rain is my n#1
i loved bladerunner
this is such bullshit really 
It's funny, how some of the most iconic, most memorable phrases were improvised, while most unscripted shit was either forgotten or nowhere near as good. The Heath Ledger thing blew me away, totally did not know that. 
You meant turn the "Annotations" on, not the captions.
well it wasn't really improvised. people on the set were ill due to food poisoning so on the day of shooting that specific scene, they changed it to what is seen now in film. it wasn't improvised like on the spot right there as the cameras were rolling.
All of them are improvised. Not the whole scenes but parts of them. Like things go wrong in the initial scene and they improvise. Or they are told to improvise.
Most of these scenes are not improvised.
Masculinity, hell, HUMANITY. Tear 'em down to build them back like Uncle Sam wants them...GRRRRR!!! Semper fi, mutha fu......GET SOME!!!
Ah, come on - you never stood in front of the mirror saying "You talkin' to me?" menacingly to see how big and bad you could look?
Maybe once.
A reach around is where someone who is anally sodomizing another reaches around and masturbates them at the same time. Ergo, a 'reach around'. Get the picture? I guess you could say it's a courtesy thing...or maybe 'you scratch my back, I'll scratch yours' would be more apropos. 
Yeah, sure you did, it is understandable, but the question is "Was it planned or improvised?"
what was that the man hit that woman? it looked so real! :O
It's amazing how unscripted lines so often become the most iconic.
what the fuck happen to capten jack in pirates of the caribian 
at the time he was a real drill instructor
HOLY DOGSHIT!
you should see other real drill instructors. they're amazing. the shit ive heard in my life...
You forgot Johnny Depp's "I got a jar of dirt!" 
what.... is a reach around?
i love how when most of the actors didn't have lines to say they just said "fuck" and "shit" to fill stuff in.
Django would be up there if they made a new one.
The Dark Knight hospital part was just spectacular improvisation.
Pretty much all of Erney's dialogue was improv. Then again he was the real deal too. It's amazing the other actors could keep a straight face.
yeah, a couple of those are iconic damn good - i mean mcdowel was pretty young -and that bit is the memorable and intellectually challenging -moreso then the story idea itself - same with tears in the rain - sounds like a writer definelty wrote that, or a poet - and "game over man!" - lol great improv
The breakfast club? The scene where they're all sitting on the floor talking about their lives?
that actor receiving ermeys verbal abuse deserves a god damn oscar for not laughing his ass off during that improvised tirade
Oh man, I feel like watching Blade Runner now. One of my favourite films.
The one with the keys, was that The Usual Suspect? 
The one from blade runner is my favourite! Best scene!
Where's Brando playing with a glove in On the Waterfront? now that's great improvisation. only a handful here are as good as that one.
You forgot pirates of the carribean " jar of dirt"
When the joker claps his hands while everyone else is applauding of how officer Gordon got promoted and when they stopped clapping...he just kept on clapping....attracting slow attention, the clap was unnecessary, but heath ledger did it anyways and it was unscripted. It made it more suspenseful and brought the viewer to their seat. Yea...that should have been number one...
That's why he put "Megan Fox" and "good actress*" in a sentence without "is not a" between the two.
You are mentally handicapped if you put "Megan Fox" and "good actor" in a sentence without "is not a" between the two.
Google it.
No 'Raiders'.... but still, very good list...
2:04 im am going to spam this button
wow, you're thick. They are in a line up with the rest of their crew, they acting like dick heads because they all go pinched. I don't beleive you for one second that you've seen this movie.
At the time of the making of the film, and even now, homosexuality is looked down upon in the military. That is why it was used insultingly in the film.
2:02 GIVE ME THE FUCKING KEYS YOU FUCKING COCKSUCKA MUTHERFUCKA ALALLALALAALA!!!! i laughed so hard i pooped my pants 
2:02 GIVE ME THE FUCKING KEYS YOU FUCKING COCKSUCKA MUTHERFUCKA ALALLALALAALA!!!! i laughed so hard i pooped my pants 
why do straight guys constantly reference gay sex
This montage says that Rutger Hauer's line "Like tears in rain" from Blade Runner was improvised, but more than that, much of the soliloquy Hauer uttered at the end of the movie was rewritten, then improvised by Hauer, including the reference to "the Tannhauser Gate" and the full final line, "All those moments will be lost in time, like tears in rain." Wikipedia calls it one of the most moving death soliloquys in cinematic history.
Big deal. Every line I make is unscripted. 
What about, "I've got a jar of dirt!" in Pirates of the Caribbean?
I sha'nt apologize... I've seen the movie- very overblown. Those two guys are trying too hard to be "ooo, wow, they're CRAZY". And I wouldn't call it improv- it's goofing off, and there's a difference. Improv takes skill and talent- anyone can goof off. And it's not a masterpiece.
Please get out. 
What about the one from raiders from raiders of the post ark?
21
Robert downey jr kept hiding food for example blueberry mix around the set so when they couldnt find the tvinga he had hid they just rolled with it.
Where is Raiders of the Lost Ark? The scene where Indy wins that fight with the dude with the sword using his gun WAS improvised, you know!
LMAO full metal jacket love that part.
@addplusminus35 ya but you're wrong and they are improv. Thats why they are so good. Because you would never know that they aren't scripted
Also all of the Scenes in Good Morning Vietnam when Robin Williams was on the Radio all of that was improvised
what is a 'reach around'?
BS...just random scenes.
It's common courtesy, guys. C'mon.
I have always wondered this.
how did those guys in 'Full Metal' not even crack a smile?!!
thanks are they really all unscripted
um i hope you meant the scene from Apocalypto reminded you of midnight cowboy...
GAME OVER MAN game over
I ROFLOL'd at "I'm walking here". It reminded me of the movie "Apocalypto" when the Mayans were leading their sacrifices back to the pyramid. A tree fell from the logging and the leader was like "Hey!! I'm walking here!." 
lol
imagine if the scene with liam neeson from taken was all improvised XD
I didn't know that warriors scene was improvised! 
 That's right, it was. I heard about that when Richard Gere was being inerviewed.
whats the story
r lee ermy is cool as fuck
How do you know the terms are accurate?
but weren't all the scenes with R Lee Ermey in them unscripted.
I love R Lee Ermey
Where is the scene from Pretty Woman where Richard Gere closes the necklace case on Julia Robert's hand? Did you know that was improvised..... 
Thank you so much for posting this it was truly great!!!
blade runner
I fucking love that scene!
if i was in the army and my drill sergeant screamed that in my face id die laughing XD
How about pirates of the carribian were he screams "i got a jar of dirt! I got a jar of dirt!"
La soddisfazione di scoprire che alcune delle migliori scene della cinematografia sono state improvvisate da ottimi attori.﻿
Join military, you will hear all kinds of creativity comes out of drill sergeants.
Hmm, I don't know, maybe what it says at the bottom of the screen can be a cryptic clue to the title of the movie. 
and that is why they're actors and we are not 
Pretty cool stuff. ﻿
Last one was the best
that isnt 40 year old virgin its knocked up 
*Drill instructor (sorry,can't help it!)
The Full Metal Jacket drill instructor is brilliant. In that last scene Kubrik actually shouted cut to ask Ermey what a reach-around is :D 
Blade Runner. 
Blade Runner
Blade Runner
Great List.
what movie is 4:25 ima go watch it
diarrhea*
what about from the first lord of the rings, when viggo deflected the knife that was accidentally thrown at him by lurtz!!
He wasn't even cast. He just happened to not have a platoon when they were filming. They asked him to give the actor some tips and he just started going off like they were recruits. The crew decided he would be perfect, given the experience and charisma.
That scene from "40-year old virgin" is actually outtakes from "Knocked up" when they drive to Vegas.
"You talking to me" not scripted? wow, I am blown away.
Theres a bit of a story behind that
I read that little story I found it quite amusing
That's R. Lee Ermey, retired drill instructor of the US marines. His JOB was to insult the kids like that. That whole scene was him going back to how he pretty much destroyed any sense of masculinity the recruits had lol
Cool to think that the most famous lines aren't written
i'm pretty sure the film Love, Honour and Obey was all unscripted??
Most of R lee Ermeys scene was unscripted classic
....its called faggotry
You can tell the "I'M WALKING HERE!" line wasn't originally scripted because of the reactions of the extras in the backround
we're filming here! we're filming here!!
Somewhat of a nitpick, but that was a Drill Instructor for the Marine Corps, not the Army.
you would too if you did more than just suck dick. Expand your fuck'n horizons 
Many people are trying to make the measurement for how good an actor is into an overly complicated science. It's much more simple than many film critics make it out to be. It's all about entertainment value (everything else is secondary). That's why I make videos explaining why Megan Fox is a much better actress than Meryl Streep. Megan Fox entertains way more than Streep - therefore she is a better actress.
Well he was an actual drill sergeant. 
dihoreah........... ok dude
The Army is one big gay joke. Most..if not all..drill instructors create gay jokes like that. 
A few Kubrics movies in there 
And the scene in avengers where Robert Downey JR asks Captain America if he wants blueberry mix XD Theres a little story about that if you want to know :P
you forgot johnny depps i got a jar of dirt song man XD 
I enjoyed this list, I personally thought Casablanca should have been higher, it may be the most famous movie line there is, but that is just my opinion-very well done.
During the audition he cursed non stop for 10 minutes without repeating a single one twice.
2:35 reminds me of the intro of Come Out And Play by Twisted Sister :-P
Actually, directors encourage improv. Most movies have a lot of it, even whole scenes! Actors have to feel the character and know what they would do.
Well I'm fairly certain that since all of these scenes were left in the movies, and didn't end up on the cutting room floor the filmmakers musta loved them. 
I'm curious as to how okay or not okay the director and/or writers were at the time. Later on, after many of those lines and bits had literally become part of the lexicon of film history, is one thing. But the reaction by the filmmakers at the time may not have been very ... cordial!
haha the usual suspects!
40 year old virgin is knocked up 
I recommend this kind of film. Appreciate You tube because of this type of material!!!My buddy was previously bullied. He stated he was gonna grow muscle and strength. I didn't believe him. Right up until in just a few weeks he added 40 pounds of absolute lean muscle mass. He used the Muscle Building Bible (Google it). He does not get bullied these days. :) I personally signed up the other day. See exactly what goes on. Not to mention this mans emails are fascinating!!!
like tears in the rain...best moment 
what about the "I got a jar of dirt!" from pirates of the caribbean?
The Dad scene? That was scripted, its just a myth that it wasn't.
IN DEXTERS LAAAAAAB!!!!! haha love that show
2:23 Why's he impersonating John Travolta? 
Jeez, I guess most films would be rubbish without unscripted scenes
Go drill sergeant! 
If this list included TV I'd say use that scene from the fresh prince of Bel Air
wow 
The Heath ledger one reminded me of Dexters laboratory opening xD 
Worth it. 
"not even have the god damned common courtesy to give him a reach-around"...I laughed my ass off, that was way TMI and should have won a special oscar just for that line alone...lol
naw if you watch behind the scenes shit he says that he just shout the vilest shit he could think of and it was different each take
I know it's not fitting, but in the first indiana jones movie, the scene in egypt where the guy with the sword is about to fight him, was a scripted sword fight. the day of filming, Harrison Ford had dihoreah, so he instead just shot the guy.
No shit...were you responding to something I actually wrote in my comment?
No shit...were you responding to something I actually wrote in my comment?
LOL @ Midnight Cowby... that look so real, because it was real I would guess.
ahhh that's great!!!!!
does any1 else get no sound?
The drill sergeant sure knows a lot about homosexual anal sex etiquette.
EEEEEEEERRRRRNNNNNHHHHH
SIR NO SIR!
Number 6... one of the best scenes ever.
Yeah but it wasn't improvised but he was the one who wrote it
﻿
number 17 was the boss XDD died laughing
40 year old virgin is great but that wasn´t 40 year old virgin that was Knocked Up:P
Love the compilation but that commercial was fucking dumb
R. Lee Ermey was in the Marine Corps but was not an actual Drill Instructor. He was hired on as an advisor for Full Metal Jacket but did a better job than the original actor that he was asked to take the guys place.
I love that four of the movies listed were movies that Stanley Kubrick made.
It's just common courtesy.
DO YOU SUCK DICKS?!?!
Apparently the explosion stopping was a pyrotech screw-up.
That's not 40 Year Old Virgin... haha
Last part of vid I saw that movie
Where is the scene with " The Erran boy" ? That entire scene was his first try, and je just went for something.. :) 
Are you a peter puffer? Lol
Eww
<3 Gunny.
Omsmslzkke
No Jack Sparrow jar of dirt, or Willy Wonka's falling roll? Wat.
No.
And about 22 of the worst movies ever made...
Leave the gun grab the canole
LMAO GO CHECK OUT MY PAGE FOR MY NEWEST VIDEO - FAMOUS MOVIE SCENES OVER DUBBED !! Very very funny ! :) 
fun video
Almost none of his insult lines were scripted. They basically said: "Go do your thing"
The entire Caddyshack scene with Bill Murray was improvised, not just the 'it's in the hole!' line. Director Harold Ramis confirms this, he said he only told Murray to pretend he was a kid commentating for himself and Bill Murray did the rest.
Too bad Pretty Woman was left out. Jewelry box scene was awesome and natural!
He forgot "I got a jar of dirt!"
Full Metal Jacket Was An Amazing Film And Still Is
Seriously? The man is facing death and a Princess tells him she loves him for the first time and he calmly and coolly retorts "I know." That's pretty bad ass and much more in character than the lamely scripted "I love you too." 
It was. Han's actor didn't think the line fit the character, so he simply changed it.
I love you...fuck off
The Star Wars one was dumb. You going to tell me that Han Solo saying "I know" to Leah's "I love you" is a great improvised line?
Gimme the keys
I'm...I'm sorry...The SHINNING?
I agree! :D
"I BET YOU'RE THE KINDA GUY WHO WOULD FUCK SOMEONE IN THE ASS AND NOT HAVE THE GODDAMN COMMON COURTESY TO GIVE HIM A REACH AROUND!" "I'LL BE WATCHING YOU PRIVATE COWBOY!"
Full Metal Jacket for the win
what about the Trumania scene from the Truman Show? still, great video
except that scene actually WAS scripted
The "Here's Johnny!" part from the shining was scripted actually, in fact they had to do like 100 takes just to get it right.
I noticed something interesting at 1:25. The explosion sound added in postproduction is simultaneous with the explosion. The delayed reaction when Heath jolts is when the actual sound of the explosion on the set reached his ears. This scene would have been better if they had kept in the delay.
YOU FORGOT IVE GOT A JAR OF DIRT :(
YOU FORGOT IVE GOT A JAR OF DIRT :(
How did none of the other actors not laugh during #1??
#5 Must be the best improvised scene ever in a movie
God bless Bill Murray
It was.. The guy had trained sword skills for like 3 months and then Ford just decides to shoot him instead lol
The you know how I know your gay is a deleted scene from knocked up not 40 year old virgin, it was in that movie but that particular one there is knocked up....surprised you f'd that up bro
The guy from Full Metal Jacket is funny. "You can come to my house and fuck my sister!" Awesome guy right there. 
"what about the ...blah blah blah scene, or the blah blah blah scene. Those were good too!"........... what about you idiots make your own youtube video with the scenes you want instead of bitchin about somoene else putting the scenes they wanted in their own video.
what about the "chewing gum in line" scene from blazing saddles?
what about indiana jones shooting the swordsman? or cpt jack sparrow shouting "i have a jar of dirt! i have a jar of dirt"? But still, nicely done
Wasn't the Raiders Of The Lost Ark scene where Indy pulls his gun out and shoots that sword wielding maniac improvised. If so, that should've been included.
Awesome vid.
Cape fear thumb sucking scene?
Also, the reason why all the actors were laughing during the 'give me your fucking keys' scene was because one of them had farted and they couldn't stop laughing.
2:02... just lol
SOOO much win
3:29 lol inception
Lee Ermey is the man
Actually, if you're working among good actors and the director creates a good atmosphere and allow actors to improvise if they want, you can get into the role very easily. Some directors get the shot as they want and then they make an extra one with total freedom for ad libbing, and things just happen because the actors are by then very used to the scene.
No Goodfellas "Funny Guy"???
Doing*
The Gunny at the end was an actual Drill Instructor so he knew what he was doig
You know what I love about that Good Will Hunting scene? You can tell it wasn't scripted because at 1:07 especially, you can even see the cameraman is trying not to shake from laughing.
Kubrick has so many films on this list.
fuck the person in there TEXAS is the best state
That part from Full Metal Jacket was so good
Wyoming 
Benicio Del Toro for the win!
I dont know if thats scripted or not
'Kiss me.' 'What!?' 'Kiss me, when I get fucked I like to get kissed a lot'
r lee emery... hes a real marine drill sergeant so he has a better idea on what to say on that scene than the script writers lol 
Interesting.
Chuck Norris can do anything he should know how to improvise.
Dog Day Afternoon Sonny: "Which country do you want to go to?" Sal: "Wisconsin." Sonny: "Wisconsin? That's not a country, Sal."
How dare you say such a thing to Chuck Norris!
where the fuck is one flew over the cuckoos nest?
Completely left out the Total Eclipse of the Heart scene from Bandits (2001) with Bruce Willis and Cate Blanchett.
That is how it works though. You were right. A lot of the movie Anchorman was improvised, but it must've been easy since all the actors were terrific comedians.
@allenrw3 this was made in 2011 bug
ha! win
Not sure if this has be mentioned, but there's a scene in Blow Out where Nancy Allen asks John Travolta to talk about his line of work. He was suppose to go into a long dialog about his career, but replies something like "I don't want to talk about it." The two break character for a second or two before he goes into a story about a wiretap gone bad. 
are you a peter popper lol
Best one of all time you gonna need a bigger boat.
It fit perfectly as well. And how the ending credits was singing in the rain was pretty well fitted
where´s the magic trick of Joker?
Heath Ledger number 20..... ummm number 1
That last one...what's the actor on the right's name?
I'm glad that actors improvise their roles. It adds a realism and humour to the movie, not to mention, the best lines are usually the ones that go unplanned.
A lot of movies and tv shows actually improv a lot of the script. It often works out better.
A lot of movies and tv shows actually improv a lot of the script. It often works out better.
He didnt say the title was "memorable scenes", YOU learn to read. what he was saying, is that most of these scenes are the most memorably ones, so its interesting that they were mostly unscripted.
A youtube list video that isn't complete garbage? Kudos to you, sir.
The Singing in the Rain scene from Clockwork Orange wasn't unscripted, the script called for Alex to sing a song, the only song Malcolm McDowell knew all the words to on the spot was Singing in the Rain, so they went with that. 
The Saving Private Ryan scene is one of my favorite scenes of all time. I'm so glad it was unscripted. 
I am shocked there was no Pirates of the Caribean "I've got a jar of dirt" scene in these
Also, fun fact: In The Usual Suspects, the reason they all start laughing at 2:13 was because Steven Baldwin had just farted
he was a drill instructor he is now an actor XD
Raven Johnson; number 1 is in fact Full Metal Jacket
HERE'S JOHNNY!!
Like you have to ask.........
What about the dolls scene from Spaceballs?
5:52 HAHA
Indiana Jones shooting the swordsman was unscripted, it was originally Indy whipping the sword from his hand, but Ford got so fed up trying to do the maneuver he just pulled out his gun prop and shot the guy, Spielberg and Lucas loved it. Somehow I knew Ledger's reaction was genuine, and fiddling with the detonator, genius. And I kind ofwant to hear Malcolm McDowell sing singing in the rain at his present age, maybe even with help from his old cronies.
"I'll be watchin you!" Best scene in the movie! XD
R lee Ermey made it all up? GENIUS!! Another quote: I'm gonna give you three seconds--exactly three fucking seconds--to wipe that stupid lookin' grin off your face, or I will gouge out your eyeballs and skull fuck you!
no 1 is actually jarhead :3
Truth you cant handle the truth
Awww I wanted to see the "Let me Hear your War Cry"
lol
WOAH COOL STORY BRO!!! next time more dinosaurs would be good though.
I'm from texas
4:37 Dustin got gangsta lol love it
That the thing, R Lee Ermy actually was a drill sergeant. He didn't need to improvise, he knew that all by heart. No lines to it, but Harrison Ford as Indiana Jones shooting the sword twirling guy in black was also improvised.
Matt Damon for a lot of these
three movies by stanley kubrick. wow. the "singing in the rain" part gave me goosebumps while watching the movie.
whats the music at the start from ? the drums?
BULLSHIT I bet you could suck a golfball through a garden hose!
Is that the old Saturday Night Live theme in the background during the Bill Murray scene??
FULL METAL JACKET FUCK YA!
saving ryan is the best, god father, then Jaws hell ya starwars
definitely shows how good these actors truly are.
Minor correction-The explosions in the Dark Knight were meant to all go off at once, but they didn't. It wasn't scripted as them stopping. So Heath Ledger improvised all of that. Still a great video though.
Borat. Wasn't a lot of that improv?
in midnight cow boy, the taxi driver didnt know that they were filming and just kept driving Now you know (: 
this makes the taxi scene MUCH funnier.
But great list. I love this video. Another funny aspect of the 'Usual Suspects' clip you used was the fact that Del Toro had just blasted a fart before delivering his improved read. That's what everyone was laughing about. Too cool.
lol the full metal jacket line was definitely the best
Dude Bill Murrey's entire role was unscripted
Actually, there's a rumor the *entire* 'Cinderella Story' scene from Caddyshack was improvised. 
Can't believe you missed out the "Funny how?" scene from Goodfellas, improvised by Joe Pesci.
Or better , all the Quentin Tarantino's movies 
What about when Uncle Billy says, "I'm all right!" from It's a Wonderful Life? 
Oh I get it...it didn't have much of a plot?
Sources?
How do you know that was unscripted? :o 
Great compilation!!. I try to translate it into Spanish to share it with more people if it's okay. Thank you very much!
Awesome.....
hahaha
Dustin Hoffman is a G!!!
Dustin Hoffman is a G!!!
my cousin told me that he read in a website that the part of Fellowship of the Ring when Aragorn is fighting the uruk-hai and the uruk-hai throws a dagger to him and the parries it with his sword was improvised to, as the uruk-hai actor was supposed to throw it to the side, i thought that specific part was awesome though also, what about the scene in American Beauty where Kevin Spacey throws the dish to the wall rather than just letting it dropped like it was supposed to?
grandes actores, grandes improvisaciones..
Excellent!! 
That was friggin' great.
The 07 in the shinning, Kubrick shoot that scene 157 times. "According to Shelley Duvall the infamous 'Heere's Johnny!' scene took 3 days to film and the use of 60 doors." from Imdb
Hah yeah.
I couldnt help but laugh at the warriors part. :D
The most memorable scenes from these movies were the unscripted ones? Interesting.
What about "I gotta jar of dirt" from pirates of the carribean?
actually, the dark knight only had one shot for the explosion, and the malfunction was not scripted. it was supposed to all explode at once, the fact that he played it off made this scene so much funnier
YOU COULD SUCK A GOLFBALL THROUGH A GARDEN HOSE! lol, That movie is epic
number 22 isn't the 40 year old virgin. it's actually knocked up.
I suggest a mutiny!
Ohh Stanley Kubrick <3
R Lee Ermey basically wasn't acting as he is a real life Marine Drill Instructor.... so he got paid to be himself- amazing huh? 
why don't you just do some research? theres plenty of information about improvised/ad-lib/unscripted scenes, this guy just made a video about it
DO YOU SUCK DICKS?
damn that part from the warriors is legendary lol
not complaining but how do u know if its actually scripted or not?
It's knocked up, not the 40 year old virgin.
heath ledger sick yeah, but not being funny the start of full metal jacket and the scene from good will hunting are fucking leagues better 
best unscripted scene is at the beginning of apocalypse now when martin sheen is hitting the window and crying
That's actually an entire movie not a scene
in the "the usual suspects" scene, they kept laughing because benicio del toro kept farting you should write that in for that section 
Jaws and Joker!
joker should have been at number one or at least in the top five
Jaws and the Joker scene were my favs!!
you forgot jar of dirt..
One of my favorites: The words to the famous 'You Talkin' to me?' scene in Taxi Driver were entirely ad-libbed. The script just said 'Travis talks to a mirror'.
Al Pacino kissing his brother while saying, "I know it was you Fredo. You broke my heart" in Godfather 2 after he found out Fredo set up his attempted assassination was not scripted.
Even though it was all scripted...
4:33-4:46 is my fav XD
Loved this.
explain, please.
Heath Joker was beast
You forgot I've got a jar of dirt from pirates of the Caribbean
You are missing Joe Pesci's "What is so funny?" dialogue on Goodfellas. I thought that was going to be in the top 5
In Pirates of the Caribbean: I got a jar of dirt, I got a jar of dirt, I got a jar of dirt!!!!!
22 is Knocked Up, not 40 Year Old Virgin
Indiana jones' gun at a knife fight should be in here.
.....the jar of dirt
You still can, people just don't like it when "making fun" comes in the form of unconstitutional, illogical and hateful legislation. Make fun of anyone you want and try not to make yourself out to be a poor helpless middle-class victim. I'm sure you'll pull through... 
this was a good fuckin Youtube video. 
you didn't include apocalypse now most of the film was unscripted 
Warriors, come out to plaaaayyyy
Cmon, the flower on the ass was totally McDowell's top improve performance 
back then you could make fun of gays without retribution. 
The Movie BORAT was essentially unscripted. Funny as hell too. 
I think Aragons line was amazing when he kicked the helmet and broke his toe that was unscripted
I think Aragons line was amazing when he kicked the helmet and broke his toe that was unscripted
wtf? these are like all the best scenes of every great movie?
Just a little note: In the Usual Suspect, Benito del Toro was having a certain case of flatulence that day which caused the actors to laugh their asses of. It was supposed to be a serious scene, but the director never got it
What about pirates of the Caribbean 2 when jack has the jar of dirt and falls
I read somewhere that Ermey's breath was appalling, and added to the tension the actors felt! 
Now that was unscripted.
The "I'm F**CKING Walking here!" was a good one, that dumbass taxi deserved Hoffman's killer improvisations. The Heath Ledger was also great, better love the Joker!
You know the very best unscripted scene? The entire Iron Man movie.
how bout the hamburger scene with samuel l jackson in pulp fiction
Fucking R. Lee Ermey FTW!!!!!
LOL OMG, 
WEll it worked, he was amazing!
Ill be watchin you! O__O
I like how i got here from Jeff Beck jamming with Les Paul...
What about Johny Depp Yelling "I got a jar of dirt!" in one of the Pirates of the Caribbean Movies. Or was It not out when this video was made?
warriors was the best gang movie ever
I don't know why he said the explosion stopping was planned for Dark Knight. It actually wasn't.
The "Ive got a jar of dirt" scene from Pirates of the Caribbean needs to be on here. 
How?
The Warriors should have been number one but that one is still cool
What about the "I've got a jar of dirt!" scene?
They do it in both movies. But the scene here is Knocked Up. 
It was from "Knocked Up" and it was a reference to a scene from "40 Year Old Version" Same premise, same actors... they even make a joke about it in the full version :) 
it was from 40 year old virgin 
Wanna know how I know you're gay?
Some of these were good, but most of them sucked. And where's the Indiana Jone's scene where Indy shoots the guy instead of using his whip?
What about Emma Watson's "Holy cricket!"? xD
mr Lee Ermey lives locally in my town! <3
everyone already knows that, and in the Marines it's a drill instructor, drill sergeants are army i believe
1. Fun fact, R. Lee. Ermey, the drill sergeant in Full Metal Jacket, was a drill sergeant in real life and served in Vietnam!
No 22 was not from "40 Year Old Virgin" it's from "Knocked Up"
R Lee Ermey over the top browbeating makes me laugh everytime I see that scene.
0.30 - If this sound was someone actually talking, it would be Khloe Kardashian.
wow the full metal jacket clip is one of the best movie scenes ever cant believe that was improved.
lol do u suck dicks
#11 most pimpin movie quote of all time
R Lee. Earney ftw!
It's incredible how many of these lines I already knew without ever having seen the movies they originated from. These actors had some brilliant improvisation skills that got them referenced in so many other movies=)
yeah he was a real drill sergeant, and they didn't want any of the actors to meet him beforehand so that the fear in their faces was real
he was and is a real american drill sergeant!
Harrison Ford was originally given a line that he didn't like. He said "Han Solo wouldn't say that." but was told to say it anyways. So when they got rolling, he said what he wanted to say instead. Amazing! And the first part of the Blade Runner one was scripted, but the "tears in rain" line wasn't. These actors have a lot of time to think about their lines, but it's still pretty amazing.
Drill Instructor....
Are they really improvised though?
If you haven't seen this yet you should definitely check it out. Some of the greatest quotes from movies such as "Warriors come out and plaaaaaay" were all improvised dialogue .﻿
thats right,and he did such a good job the producers of the movie decided to offer the part to him,instead of him just being the adviser to the guy who was originly supposed to have the part
fuck! heath ledger you brilliant mother fucker!
The "Here's Johnny" line from The Shining really was improvised.
Thats not the 40 year virgin, Thats knocked up, man. 
He was actually a drill Sergent in the marines i think before he was an actor. That scene was fucking amazing.
From imdb: former US Marine Corps Drill Instructor R. Lee Ermey, consultant for the Marine Corps boot camp portion of the film, performed a demonstration on videotape in which he yelled obscene insults and abuse for 15 minutes without stopping, repeating himself or even flinching - despite being continuously pelted with tennis balls and oranges.
From imdb: former US Marine Corps Drill Instructor R. Lee Ermey, consultant for the Marine Corps boot camp portion of the film, performed a demonstration on videotape in which he yelled obscene insults and abuse for 15 minutes without stopping, repeating himself or even flinching - despite being continuously pelted with tennis balls and oranges.
i simply don't believe some of these were unscripted, like the Jaws one, the Bladerunner one and the Star Wars one. and the Shining? no way!! 
Fun Fact: The part where Gene Wilder sings in the boat scene from Willy Wonka was also done at the last minute (Wilder was the only actor who knew), so the horrified expressions were genuine.
Here's jonny
How about Chevy Chase's love song at the piano in Caddyshack?
*Drill Instructor, drill sergeant is army
Drill instructor. Senior Drill Instructor. 
"Give me the fkn Keys you fkn co*k suckin mothafu*kaaaaahahlasbkjalhahsjkakhaa!" lmfaoo
What about when the scene with Jack Sparrow and the jar of dirt
Matt Damon's improvised scenes always involve him laughing hysterically haha. 
The fact that 3:31 wasn't scripted is a bit creepy..
What about Johnny depp "I'VE GOT A JAR OF DIRT!!!!!!!!!"
R. Lee Ermey was originally going to be only an advisor, but none of the actors who tried out for the role satisfied Kubrick. Ermey got the job when Kubrick asked him to show how it should be done, and he launched into a 5 minute string of insults without ever repeating himself. During filming, none of the actors who played the recruits were allowed to socialize with Ermey between takes so that their reactions to his "encouragement" were genuine.
R. Lee Ermey used to be a USMC Drill Sergeant before he was medically discharged as a Staff Sergeant. After this movie, the Corps gave him an honorary promotion to Gunnery Sergeant because it ended up being one of the best recruiting tools they didn't have to pay for (plus everyone knew him as Gunny Hartman).
14? Really? That's one of the best lines in Cinema history. Sellers was brilliant
Yes, the actor was an actual drill instructor, so he has some experience will yelling at guys like that.
I kinda wanted to see the "Pretty Woman" scene where Richard Gere surprises Julia Robert when he snaps closes the jewel box on her hand and then she laughs ... but, after seeing the other top 25, I can see why it might not have made the list.
WTF how is pauly slappin henry in goodfellas in the back yard because he actually forgot his line not in the top 25, thats like top 5!
Ahh I see that makes sense and it worked. The first half of the movie was the best for me, he stole the movie IMO.
I know, I guess that was how he was when he was in real life. I wonder if that's why Vincent D'Onofrio was smiling and got choked.
LOL okay my brother was a Marine but I didn't realize that. He was great and I saw him on TMZ not too long ago, he was nice and chatting with them. I read years ago that he was a retired Drill Instructor before he got that part, no wonder he was so good at it.
The drill sergeant was actually played by real drill sergeant and he was told to do the scene as he wanted but as realistic as possible :)
you're welcome buddy :)
I had no idea until now that it was unscripted.. holy shit.
Just so you know, The Dark Knight, when the explosion didn't go off, that wasn't planned. Ledger's actions were due to the explosion not happening, and since they could only film it once, that's why they improvised 
Awesome vid! 
YA GOD DAMN QUERE BAG haha jk
Drill Instructor. Drill Sergeants are Army. But Yes!!! He's great! Met him at one of my first Marine Corps Balls. 
Great Clips 
22. was from Knocked Up; not 40 Year Old Virgin.
The famous "I've come here to chew bubblegum and kick ass... and I'm all out of bubblegum." from 'They Live' was unscripted as well.
A Clockwork Orange? "Singin' in the Rain" wasn't in Anthony Burgess's novella.
Rutger Hauer's "Tears in Rain" is impressively astute for an ad-lib.
Peter Puffer.
Because the one from The Warriors is immortalized by the film's cult status.
No. Steers and queers.
Or 10 minutes' experience as a New York City pedestrian.
number 4 can't actually be true, it's even part of the book, how could it be improvised
Great vid. "I'm walking here", the Dustin Hoffman one takes great presence of mind.
What about Sword vs. Gun from Indiana Jones: Lost Ark. 
Are you a Peter Pumper?? "SIR NO SIR!"
really excellent work!
whats wrong with it?
I Believe he was a Drill instructor, So not so hard for him to do it. :P
Holy shit son Texas stares at queers! Lol
holy shit #1 was really improvised?
I love movies and i think that great actors could turn a good movie into a f...ing great movie. Thanks for the clip. 
The drill sergeant in Full Metal Jacket was brilliant!
5:11-5:28, DENIRO RULES!!!
I miss the joker.... MAN U WERE AWESOME!!! Y U HAZ TO DIE!!!
I miss the joker.... MAN U WERE AWESOME!!! Y U HAZ TO DIE!!!
@ballbuster18769 I assume you mean 40 year old virgin and knocked up havin the same exchange? I think the actors just loved the lines and improvised their respective scenes
Nuh uh.
improv* 
2:00 best improve ever 
hand me the fukin keys you cocksucker, wtf?! best scene ever..
Lmao at number 1. 
"Here's johnny" wasn't part of the script?!?
coincidence? or lazy script writers? 
that part of full metal jacket is just like jarhead 
Definitely not...
full metal jacket 3
WHER WAS "I've got a jar of dirt!" IN THIS?!
Fun fact from the Good Will Hunting scene - Matt Damon's reaction was genuine (i.e was cracking up) and the wobbling of the camera is from the cameraman laughing.
forgot the scene from goodfellas 
At least 1/2 of these are in my collection. Taxi Driver, Silence Of The Lambs and Clockwork Orange are elite. 
I know Pirates of the Caribbean is not a iconic film franchise. but the scene where jack has the heart of Davie Jones in a jar of dirt and he says "I 'ave got a jar of dirt, i 'ave got a jar dirt and guess what's inside it!" Was a improvised line by Johnny Depp . 
90% of these were definitely scripted
+1
@eyelust4girlsfeet former military. HUGE insult to say ex
Kubrick films dominate cinema history
google it
Just how is it that none of the improvised scenes from Apocalypse Now made this list but warriors come out to play did? Unreal. 
Dumb and dumber should be number 1 on this list!
dumbass is a person who post a comment without realising it was already posted 50 times.
22 is knocked up dumbass
@2:15 all the actors started laughing cuz one of them farted, it ended up playing into the scene well so they kept it.
r lee ermey (ermy?) is iconic :D
4 Kubrick Movies. Awesome.
Full Metal Jacket kicks ass.....the senior drill instructor is ex-military N nobody too this day has ever come close too his character in the first 30 mins of this movie.....I am hard but I am fair.....here you are all equally worthless.....sir eye eye sir !
For some reason I had myself confused whilst watching this video.
Huh. For the strangest reason I had confused for that scene for the one in Forrest Gump. Odd. Oh, and thank you for calling me a retard, that was just absolute peachy, dick.
The kitchen scene from Gummo needs to be here, I think it was 100% unscripted
17. The Usual Suspects, Benicio Del Toro ripped a fart which is why they're all cracking up
thats full metal jacket you absolute RETARD
Where anywhere is there Forest Gump? Number one is FMJ (Full Metal Jacket) it also takes place during the Vietnam war but one half is in the us training for it, the other half is in the war. Forest Gump only a small part is actually in the war zone.
There's this magical thing called Urban Dictionary for those not old enough to get adult refrences
i got a jar of dirt is the best unscripted scene 
I can see why Forrest Gump took number 1.
#7 was definetly scripted, the record for most takes
"You talkin to me?" wasn't scripted???? Wow, great line Robert...
Wait... the warriors thing wasn't scripted? Day MADE
11 definitely wasn't scripted. That's what made that scene so epic, I thought it shoulda been number 1
HAHAHAHA Holy shit! 
It's knocked up
12 and 11 are scripted
I was kinda hoping the ear punch from Fight club would at least make the list. But all in all a very good list. Thank you.
I like it but I think mostly all of them were scripted, but like the rest of you I hope they were not!!
What a out when in breakfast
the dark night shouldve been higher, when the explosives didnt go off immedietly, ledger just rolled with it and saved nolan a shitton of money
the dark night shouldve been higher, when the explosives didnt go off immedietly, ledger just rolled with it and saved nolan a shitton of money
No it's 40 year old virgin
isnt the line "like tears in rain" also used in the watchmen comic book?
Jaws is for sure a number one classic, thank you for having in this video, plus everyone loves that line "we're gonna need a bigger boat" lol
I wonder if the taxi driver was in the credits.
Some people don't understand art..
One mans opinion
what the fuck, Clockword Orange is one of the worst movies ever, and the scene is utter bullshit.
I didn't mean to sound like an ass, but I just wanted to point out that Google always helps your answers and it's better than someone going "try using google your retard" and being an asshole for no reason. Sorry if it offended you in any way.
Like tears in rain <3
i thought someone could answer that question w/o my having to do that but, i guess not :)
A lot of the scenes were recited on Family Guy
22. Is Knocked Up not 40 Year Old Virgin
"You're going to need a bigger boat." 
during the drill instructor scene, when R. Lee Ermey said the reacharound line, the director interrupted him during filming and asked what a reacharound was, and Mr. Ermey turned around and kindly and politely told the director what it was. he's a quite a nice man when you get to know him, or so I've heard.
.....ok fine
Yep, he saved the best for last on this clip lol
I don't like calling R. Lee Ermey an actor. He was a Marine, a drill instructor, and he's an honorary Gunnery Sergeant.
Some of these of these are kind of hard to believe. 
Sergeant Hartman: "I bet you're the kind of guy that would fuck a person in the ass and not even have the goddamn common courtesy to give him a reach-around. I'll be watching you". best improvisation ever. 
Wheres Jack Sparrows jar of dirt?
so many Kubrick films!
R. Lee Ermey is the shit!
Joker!3
"Game over man, game over. What the fuck are we gonna do now?" Classic and I had no idea it was improvised.
Hahahahahahaha. Sergeant Hartman, classic character
Meh.
If you're too impatience "Google"
Yay I'm not the only one who got here cuz of the "jar of dirt"
You totally for got the " I got a jar of dirt" That should've been number two or three. 
"I got a jar of dirt!"
Update this with DiCaprio accidentally cutting his hand and wiping blood all over Kerry Washington's face in Django Unchained, please.
I see what you mean, but in the Royal Air Force the people who serve in The RAF Regiment are known as soldiers despite being in the air force. So the people in the USMC who are used as light infantry are soldiers but because of the rivalry between the USMC and US Army, the Marines prefer to be called marines. :) thats what I meant :)
Really?
how about jesus christ stick it in me for deep throat?
you mean improvised?
Dammit, Internet, just let me work ! 
hahahah
You will find out one day when you grow up
what is a reach around???
fight club: when jack (edward norton) and tyler (brad pitt) are knocking golfballs at the kraft service truck between shots. thats not in the script they're just drunk. 
that silence of the lamb line was scary
wow 
What was the first one? Reminds me of the book Hawkes Harbor.
Full Metal Jacket. 
wth was the name of the movie in the end?
Bane: "That's a lovely lovely voice"- was unscripted.
Where is the 'I GOT A JAR OF DIRT! I'VE GOT A JAR OF DIRT!' scene from Pirates of the Caribbean? That scene was GOLDEN IMPROV.
When Paulie slapped Henry Hill in the face ( Goodfellas ) was a good one!
wtf
wtf
where is... just about all of the naked gun I know most of it is scripted but nielsens reactions are improvised
My favourite has to be R. Lee Ermey in Full Metal Jacket - and he wasn't even a real actor but did the part better than any actor would! Outstanding!
normandise
What about Goodfellas? "Funny how? Like a clown funny???"
Indiana Jones: where he shoots the swordsman in the bazaar should be on here 
I'm gonna have to respectfully and strongly disagree with that, because the true documented definition of a soldier is one who serves in the army. You will never hear a sailor in the navy called a soldier, a pilot in the air force a soldier, and a marine is definitely not a soldier only because they have infantrymen. There are so many MOS's in the army which dont include those and are still called soldiers, same with marines, all MOS's in the marines are still called, marines.
only steers and queers come from Texas and you sir don't look like steer so that pretty much narrows it down haha 
Haha "steers & queers" - I remember that from Boot Camp
fucking awesom!lol 884 idiots wouldn't know comedy if it bit off their dicks and smack them silly with it.
fuck your font
4 Kubrick films are in this list!!!!!!!
*you're
2:02 Love it haha
Actually heath was just suppose to get into the bus and while it was driving off the explosion would happen was suppose to be a serious scene but he put the joker into it 
THE DARK NIGHT!!!!! -20
Why these happen to be the best scenes on movies....? They should always improvise...
All Casablanca movie is unscripted.
GIMME THE FUCKIN' KEYS YOU FUCKIN COCKSUCKA MUTHAFUCKA LLAAAAAA!
I don't understand how Raiders of the Lost Ark isn't in here. When the swordsman jumps out of the crowd, swinging his weapons around and yelling, the original script had Indiana Jones in a complicated sword fight. Harrison Ford just drew his pistol, fired, and kept on walking. Classic!
actually the explosion was not supposed to stop they could only do the scene once so heath ledger just improved in character
I'd read that after Emery's line about the "reach around," Kubrick went up and asked him what a "reach around" was.
Was expecting more Scorsese.
FMJ One of my favoriate
Damn it internet just let me sleep!
The laughing in the Usual Suspects scene was because Del Toro was farting.
Whoa, I was reading an article explaining the improvised scenes, then go to watch this video again, only to find it has the exact same descriptions! Coincidence maybe?
"get back" and "in English, please" aren't really all that hard to come up with. :) The reason they were all laughing was because Del Toro kept farting while they were up there. That's why Baldwin hit him and he hit back.
Um, I don't think that Casablanca line in improvised considering he say it like seven times in the movie. Also, The Usual Suspects scene doesn't seem improvised because the cop knew what to say. I guess he could improve to but he was certainly on his game to think to do it. 
Drill Instructor is one of the greatest scenes in the movies, because it is so realistic. Thrill Drill Sergants are some of the hardest workers on the planet, yelling and screaming at raw recruits for three months straight, now that's love and passion!
great acting nearly gets run over for real stays in character and creates a famous movie line
HEERREES JOHNNY!
Matt Damon learned that from Robin Williams.
And btw i know that the scene itself was in the video above and that the video name is '' UNSCRIPTED SCENES '' But he stated in the video that the explosion was scripted but not Heath Ledgers response, fact is that both was unscripted.
Friend showed me it once, got a couple of laughs and then i never visited the site again.
9gag then.
I wish this had come out after Django Unchained, then Leo DiCaprio's whole thing where he cut his hand and wiped the blood on Kerry Wahington would have been on there.
...your response didn't even touch on my point. And it's not the size of the military that is making this country weak. I'm not going to dignify you anymore with responses, besides you carry red flags of either not being a real entrepreneur of any magnitude, or rather just some guy stirring up shit. Go ahead, get your last words in if it kills you, you strike me as an internet warrior anyway. enjoy your life
The glove scene from On The Waterfront should have been up there
You forgot kevin spacey dinner performance in the film American beauty
i wish the "I've Got A Jar Of Dirt" from Pirates of the Caribbean was on here.
I'm most impressed with the "Warriors" line - it's what you walk away remembering. I'm fairly sure they have it looped in Hell. (I have a personal bias against Bill Murray, so I can never tell if he's any good in anything. Gut feeling says No, though.) 
Why ISN'T R Lee Ermey in this video XD greatest improvising, I'd say 
What about Jim Carrey in the Grinch where he is portraying the director when he is getting max into reindeer form. That should be in the top 5
19 is my favorite one by far.
can't stop laughing at the end 
I have never been on tumblr... 
You should probably stay a little less time on tumblr...
GIMME THE FUCKEN KEYS :D It always brighten my mood :D
... Yes but the creator of the video stated that the explosion was SCRIPTED to stop. Wich it wasn't :3
... Yes but the creator of the video stated that the explosion was SCRIPTED to stop. Wich it wasn't :3
Did you read the tittle of the video?.
that's so interesting. i love learning stuff like that.
The actual scripts were written as "Obi Wan is your father." Right before the filming of the scene, George Lucas went to Mark Hamill in private & told him that Darth Vader was actually his father. He explained to Hamill to respond apporpriately on screen. Yes, his reaction was improvised, but he was the only other person on set who knew the truth and he gave a truly fitting reaction.. When James Earl Jones did the voice over, he was equally surprised by the actual dialog, "I am your father."
here's JOHNNY!!!!
The fonts SUCK!
according to my brother, who is now a corporal, they can't physically abuse you, but they "properly motivate" you which amounts to the same thing. much respect to all who go through that.... oooh rah!
"Here's looking at you, kid", from Casablanca? That's one of the most famous movie lines in history. I had no idea that was improvised.
Nope, my boot camp was long before that movie. I'll bet that Ermey honed his chops around the same time my D.I.s did so it's a great re-creation of that experience for me. Yes, as I mentioned the break down is the standard can of insults they probably still use. Since physical abuse is no longer an option the verbal thrashing is the next best thing. Amazing how effective it is too.
on the usual suspects scene, the whole scene was meant to be completely different, the actors kept laughing because benicio del torro kept farting and in the end the director got sick of it because no one could keep their composure, turned out to be the funniest scene in the film
This Video Is So COOL, thanks For The Upload !!! i Subed 
Also in the scene where the Joker crashes Wayne's party at his house, Michael Caine's character (Alfred) was supposed to have lines, but he forgot them because it was his first time seeing Ledger as the Joker.
I also believe that the scene with darth vadar and luke, when vadar tells luke "I am your father" was better, because Luke's reaction was unscripted, he didn't even know that Vadar was Luke's father the entire time. It was his reaction as a fan more so than an actor.
thank you so much for posting this! this was hilarious!
If anyone has seen Django Unchained, the scene where DiCaprio's character breaks a glass and cuts his hand is real. That's his actual blood that he wipes on Kerry Washington's face!
I got this info from a random homeless guy that likes to sing russian jiberish. Nah i'm just kidding, i got it this info from an old interview video i saw with Christopher Nolan here on youtube ( i've sadly forgotten the title of the video )
Some have been really nice. Some of them are legendary!! "I love you!" - "I know..." :-D Unscripted?? Really? Damn i love H. Ford!!
Peter puffer.
You probably heard it after this movie was made and if so then its because they were imitating him, but the general guidelines of Drill Instructors is to break you down so they will sling insults at your race, hometown, and appearance, question your sexuality and scream at you.
not the only one
It's like I tell people, the greatest pictures are the ones not staged. This just proves that people love things captured that were not planned out.
wtfk?? nick nolte and eddie murphy on 48hrs is badass too...smh
Clockwork orange has the best, as it made the movie famous and also made it impossible to watch singin in the rain without recalling a rape scene.
in the second lord of the rings when Aragorn kicks that helmet and screams he actually broke like three of his toes...HE WAS ACTUALLY SCREAMING!
i really wanna believe this but i'm skeptical. where did you get your information?
Penis pucker. 
What about the one from Elf. "Daddy I miss you and love yoooiouuu I never thought i would find you but i did. I LOOOOOVVEEEE YOUUUU
Gunnery Sargent R. Lee Ermy! Am i the only one that watches lock and load with R. Lee Ermy? please no
22 is knocked up not 40 year old virgin
Peter puffer*
Are you a penis puffer?!?
How anyone could keep a straight face with that line is worthy of a number of awards.
R.Lee Ermey's boot camp dialogue, while unscripted, is straight of the default can of insults that Drill Instructors hurl at new recruits to stress them and break them down. Every one of the lines he used I heard in boot camp myself and I'll bet most other ex-military had similar experiences. I'm not disparaging him at all, in my experience that film is still the single most realistic example of what boot camp is like to someone who has not been through it, and it's all thanks to R. Lee Ermey.
"Like tears in the rain" - was from Rutger Hauer? Daaaam'!!!! Thanks for sharing this revelation!
The entire cast and crew got sick while on location. On the bonusmaterial John Rhys-Davis talks about an incident where he soiled himself while on set because he had to bend down to give a better eye line for the actor opposite him
"Game Over Man, Game Over"
warrriooooorssss
In the Outsiders, where Dallas fall off of the chair at the movie theater. 
I heard it was because he thought it fit the character better.
Harrison Jones suggested a change to the script and they went with it. Not exactly unscripted because they were expecting him to do it.
I was waiting for Jack Sparrow's "I got a jar of dirt". That was all improv. including the actors reactions. :) 
Awesome compilation!! Very informative too!
Lots of Kubrick films :)
the more you know >:D
What about the "Reactor Leak" speech on the Death Star? Harrison Ford improvised that scene because he thought it would sound more natural
Thor: don't you know what this is? Iron man: shakespeare in the park? Doth thou mother know you wearith her clothes?
i love that part in number 1
Yeah it was cause Harrison Ford was sick that day and wasn't able to pull off a huge action scene. 
Arab_Swordsman: Indiana jones wikia I can't remember where I read the swordsman was angry, but it mentions why it happened.
Arab_Swordsman: Indiana jones wikia I can't remember where I read the swordsman was angry, but it mentions why it happened.
Lucius Malfoy: "Let's just hope mister Potter is around to save the day" Harry Potter: "Don't Worry, I will be" not in the script.
also when Indy says "It's not the years It's the mileage". Not in the script.
Source?
Where's zombieland?
LOL the first 1 is hilarious! 
#22 is "Knocked Up" Although the original "You know how I know your gay" Is from "The 40 year old virgin"
"I didn't know they stacked shit that high!"
WHERE IS ARAGORN?
the aliens scene and many other lines that character said in the movie were amazing!
Poor sword trainer worked his ass off too and was really pissed haha.
R. Lee in FMJ...klassik.
Actually the heath ledger explosion stopping thing wasn't scripted. They only had one chance of getting the scene filmed so when the explosions stopped everybody backstage went crazy but Heath Ledger acted to it in character and it wounded up being one of the more memorable scenes in the movie.
I'm surprised the scene with Bruce Willis in the meeting room from Armageddon wasn't shown?
The FUCK and FUCK is FUCK divided by FUCK equals FUCK ^Why wasn't this in this video It was not in scripts, and it is funny
22. was Knocked Up not 40 Year Old Virgin
Huh, I was wondering about the famous "Here's Johnny" scene in The Shining since that line did not appear in the book.
4 Stanley kubrick films, says it all for one of the best director and his casting
How are you not gonna have 'everyone' in this list?
"...and not even have the goddam common courtesy to give him a reacharound!" LOL
in fact, have found a much better argument than my previous one: As a result, 'soldiers' are referred to by names or ranks which reflect an individual's military occupation specialty arm, service, or branch of military employment, their type of unit, or operational employment or technical use such as: trooper, tanker, commando, dragoon, infantryman, marine, paratrooper, ranger, sniper, engineer, sapper, medic, or a gunner.
"A soldier is one who fights as part of an organized land-based armed force" at least part of the United States Marine Corps are land based personnel. the United States Marine Corps is an armed force. thereby at least some of the Marines are soldiers, afterall this part of the corps fight on land, they do not sail, pilot or engineer.
what kind of fucked up world do we live in where you can fuck a stranger in the ass and NOT EVEN be kind enough to give that poor gentleman a reach around. all hope is lost in humanity
The scene with Seth Rogen and Paul Rudd is taken from 'Knocked Up'
"The famous scene in which Indy shoots a marauding and flamboyant swordsman was not in the original script. Harrison Ford was supposed to use his whip to get the swords out of his attacker's hands, but the food poisoning he and the rest of the crew had gotten made him too sick to perform the stunt. After several unsuccessful tries, Ford suggested "shooting the sucker." Steven Spielberg immediately took up the idea and the scene was successfully filmed." -IMDB
No, they still do that lol Maybe not as often, or maybe more; I wasn't alive back then. This isn't to say they all do it, though. 
what about Jim Carrey? the blue pen?
The fuck we are.
Full metal jacket XD lol
Really? I heard it was because the fight was so complicated they kept messing it up. Eventually Harrison Ford pulled the gun and the other guy played along.
The REAL definition of a soldier, is defined as an individual who serves in the army. Marine Corps is not the Army, is it? Just like the navy is SAILORS, NOT soldiers. Marines are Marines, they deserve and earn that title.
Drill Instructor* Marines* you're getting marines mixed with army my dude, please learn the difference..
Marines are definitely NOT soldiers. i DARE you to call any marine a soldier and see what happens. Army SOLDIERS are soldiers, marines are marines. Trust me, i come from a line of marines and im going to be a fifth generation hollywood marine, marines are NOT nor everr will be, soldiers.
Fun fact: Robert Deniro admitted to stealing the "You talkin' to me?" line from Bruce Springsteen, who screamed it into a mic at a New York gig. True story.
Not improvised, that was a change to the script because Ford was unable to do the fight because he was sick.
i believe he forgot a comma, even still they're the same thing 
I love you! i know... fin
bladerunner for the win
Marines are soldiers... 
it was unscripted, Ford was ill and tired with the sword so he pulled the his gun out. It wasn't until afterwards that he began negotiations to keep the scene how he shot it...
I could do these ..... hold my speech
Sorry to break it to ya dawg. But marine are soldiers too.
Then you better hope you like running 30 miles after breakfast.
What about Marlon Brando's monologue in Apocalypse Now?
How come there`s no jar of dirt?
Marines not soldiers
Profanity is so dumb. It just makes everybody's intelligence level go down in my book and isn't intimidating any more. 
Wtf most of these were scripted from my knowledge warriors was straight all the way and joker and a few more
The very last one I couldn't help it. I would start cracking up during the drill sergeant's questions.
Holy dogshit Texas!
Holy dogshit Texas!
The Usual Suspects scene at 2:10 has an article written about it on Cracked.com. It says there that one of the actors had bad gas and had all the other actors trying to get the scene over with as fast as possible. 
if that is "fullmetal jacket" then what movi is jarheads... or something along thoes lines
movie list please?
You're mostly correct except the original drill instructor didn't quit. Kubrick like R. Lee so much he replaced the original with R. Lee. The guy who's shooting the M60 machine gun in the Helicopter that says "Anyone who runs is a VC. Anyone who stands still is a well-disciplined VC" is actually the original drill instructor. 
Just about the entire Smokey and the Bandit movie was improv.
How about that gun shot in Indiana Jones? That happened instead of a sword fight.
And how old is that movie? Things might've changed a little in say, 20-30 years?
Wow, 4 Kubrick films! Who would have thought...
i love the drill sergeant sooooooo fucking much in fmj 
wow. i really wasn't aware actor's do this all the time. Especially well known scenes like this.
Full metal jacket is brilliant.
Add Leonardo Di Caprio's scene in Django when he cut his hand!
Shouldn't you be in the back alley of a pub right about now drowning in a puddle of your own puke. 
I never knew that these scenes were improvised. It explains why the scenes were great, they were spontaneous like real life.
Vietnam is one word
#1: Anything from Artie The Strongest Man IN THE WOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOORLD!
Vietnam translates into, "South Viet" so it would actually make more sense to say Viet Nam, since it is, in a way, two words. However, that is dependent on the semantics and connotation of their language and how it translates exactly. It could be either way.
851 people are Peter-Puppers.
ermy was an actual drill instructor. not a drill sergeant. and the actor they were going to use wasnt as real as ermy so they just took him instead
If only you could fit in all of Genie's Lines from Aladin. An entire character with only loose direction to where the plot was going
You got The Shinnin'!
"I'll have what she's having." 
Of course Full Metal Jacket opening scene would be number 1.
Weres the one from casino with joe pesci?!
Viet Nam is one word Vietnam 
i saw full metal jacket and had to see this
You forgot Kill Bill Vol. 2 eyeball catching scene.
0:28 so thats were that came from 
I so fucking love Matt Damon
Last one was by far the best.
I don't believe the Joker one, I don't care what they say! Also, some good improv events are in American Graffiti. The actors said George Lucas had them redo scenes until something went wrong or almost wrong.
You missed the ending, the entire ending, of the brilliant, "The Seventh Seal" 
no, wasnt 
hey i remember at the voice who said: game over man! Its also in the videogame on nintendo 
Are you sure you're not thinking of the opening to Once Upon a Time in the West? 
That's what makes them so iconic i think ^^
Ok there is one that should have made the list no matter who you are. I don't remember the name of the film but Clint Eastwood is sitting in a chair and a fly is bothering him and won't leave him alone. He lands up taking his gun out when the fly lands on a post and traps the fly inside the barrel of the gun. This happened as they rolling the camera but not ready for the action to start.
basically that whole 10 minute scene in Full Metal Jacket could have comprised half of this list.
Well of course they are. All the crappy or even good improvisations are cut, only the best ones are left in the movies otherwise they would just use the scripted lines.
basically
Wasn't "Sining in the Rain" in the book?
And I can imagine a NYC taxi doing that, considering I've spent way too much time in NYC, or maybe not enough.
LMAO All praise R. Lee Ermey! 
Everybody likes improv.
I would if I could bitch should be in there. 
this compilation is awsome now i know why good actors get paid so well its because there the reason films are so damn good
I love Adebsi! 
22 is knocked up fool 
Don't know if this is true, but Kubrick loved R. Lee Erney take that you sampled for the vid and kept it, but afterward asked what a reach-around was (he didn't know). Erney had to explain it to him!
Don't know if this is true, but Kubrick loved R. Lee Erney take that you sampled for the vid and kept it, but afterward asked what a reach-around was (he didn't know). Erney had to explain it to him!
basically.
Full metal jacket (or FMJ for short) :)
Game OVER IS TOP 5!!
first 30 mins of "Full Metal Jacket" Best movies scenes ever!!! I literally laughed 30 whole minutes long. ^_^
@Simion Sacaliuc its full metal jacket o e of my favorite movies
At 3:12 you can see almost like a form of apprehension on his face as he's quickly wracking his brain to think of something to say.
what's the name of the last movie from this video?anyone.....pls 
i now see what makes a great actor
game over man, game OVer!
Great upload! Can't thank you enough!
Looks to me like the best part of you ran down the crack o your momma's ass and ended up as a brown stain on the mattress! I think you've been cheated! :)
too bad actors can be such a pain to work with, but i guess that is their main redeeming quality, they make scenes brilliant. 
sadly this is true, but to give the writers some break, they are usually too focused on getting from point A to B than actually thinking up incredibly dialogue. Its the actors that come along and really dig into the character and make things amazing. You can have a great script but crappy actor and it falls on its face. 
that just make them more memorable.
That's why actors are more talented than most writers...
That last one.... dam.
isnt that knocked up??
Alien: Chest burster scene Jaws: First death scene 
Wouldn't be surprised if the entire movie of Full Metal Jacket was improvised
the joker clapping when gordon becomes commish is improve as well
strange order me thinks... good video though
Only rather disturbing films!! Really good ones, to be sure. 
And that, my friend, is what separates good actors from great actors.
Chew bubble gum and kick ass?
Martin Sheen with the mirror in Apocalypse Now. James Dean in the police office in Rebel Without a Cause.
Indiana Jones there was supposed to be a sword fight but Indiana pulls a gun.
R. Lee Ermey is one of the best! He pissses testosterone!
I enjoyed this. The 'I could have been a contender' scene from 'On The Waterfront' is my number 1 though. 
"Sir?" "Sir what?! Were you about to call me an asshole?!" xD
Some of these scenes are corny smh you got some bad choices son.
I have diarrhea
holy dog shit texas?! only steers or queers come frome there i dont see any horns on you so that clearly narrows it down
I laugh my ass off every time I watch the beginning of 'Full Metal Jacket'.
Game over man! Game over!
Tommy Lee Jones' "I don't care." from The Fugitive was another great improvised line. 
Seriously? Unscripted? what
Last one was funny
Says a lot
The #1 movie in the unscripted scene is full metal jacket. 
ha ha 6:00 
The scene in Indiana Jones and the Raiders of the Lost Ark where the swordsman does all those tricks, and Indy just pulls out a revolver and shoots him, was also improvised.
Denzel Washington's "King Kong Ain't got shit on me" speech at the end of Training Day should be in there... Why don't I SEE IT!
tells you a lot about the actual script itself. 
Classic lines.
I clicked for full metal jacket! lol
My personal favorite was when Indiana Jones shoots the swordsman in "The Raiders of the Lost Ark". In the original script, he was supposed to fight him with the whip like he had done with everyone else in the scene.
so basically a crap load of the most memorable and iconic moments in film are improvised and unscripted....
There's just not enough common courtesy out there in the real world lol. 
There's just not enough common courtesy out there in the real world lol. 
You should never fuck somebody in the ass and not give them a reach around. It is just the right thing to do.
The 25 greatest unscripted scenes in film.﻿
At 3:02 you can see Tom Hanks looking at Steven Spielberg making an questioning expression if they have to continue the scene because Matt Damon is clearly improvising, when Steven Spielberg says yes, you can see Tom Hanks nodding very slightly and then he looks back. 
2:00 NICE!
The 25 greatest unscripted scenes in film.﻿
Blade runner should be first, it's so significant after having watched the whole film and it can interpreted in many different ways, this video missed out about 2/3 of the speech anyway.
interesting...that most of the most well known movie scenes were just off the cuff improvisations
"'Here's looking at you, kid" and "Leave the gun, take the cannoli" should clearly have been number 1 and 2. In terms of cultural impact, that is.
You hadn't added any of the LoTR moments.Like when Aragorn kicks an Orc helmet that actually breaks Viggo's toes!
"Do you suck dicks?" "Sir! No! Sir!" LOL
Their speech pattern and general action/words can absolutely be acted
The Shinning...?
The 25 greatest unscripted scenes in film.﻿
A Clockwork Orange :D
You forgot the street scene in Raiders of the Lost Ark when Indy casually shoots the sword wielding assassin. Lucas said Harrison Ford improvised that on the spot.
where is Al Pacino´s telephone conversation in "Dog Day Afternoon"????????
here's johnny was definitely scripted.
Blah, blah, marines, blah blah.
Simply lovely.
Ah, Rutger Hauer. How a man with such immense talent gets isn't sought out for more onscreen parts is beyond me.
Agree that it couldn't be acted that well by anyone other than a drill instructor but I doubt that a marine or any servicemember could do even a good impersonation with at least a little training. DI's go through quite a bit of training to get them prepped to take on the newly inducted.
LOVE LOVE LOVE the drill sgt scene. Anyone who has ever served knows what a hard-ass drill sgt's can be ... but I really love the "not even have the common courtesy to give a reacharound" line is just timeless.
I agree, I can see that..
#22 is Knocked Up not 40 Year Old Virgin.
Oh fuck off!
R. Lee Emery was a former U.S. Marine Drill Instructor...their speech pattern and general actions/words can't be "acted"...only a real Marine D.I. can pull that off...though any Marine can do a pretty good D.I. recreation from having been there and heard that for 13 weeks. 
Wow, he made that up on the spot in blade runner, that line should be first.
I did yeah. I was pretty confident as I started to write the first sentence then less so as I continued onto the 2nd part. Or not, I'm no sure.
Brilliant.
I need to watch the silence of the lambs again
Great content. THe only issue I had with your video is that it did not come with more!
A "reach around"... lol
amazing how matts teeth stay white yet everything else is dusty.
Hey, i'm walkin' here!
@StorytellerWizo Heath Ledger*
It wouldn't surprise me though, he was a damn good actor...
Did you just contradict yourself? :/
I'm sure that's a myth. Maybe not though
You need the annotations left on to see what was unscripted in each clip.﻿
The Usual Suspects is one of the best ones.
I wanted more...
I meant the Chainsaw Massacre films but i totally agree with your FMJ comment 
For the farting wife scene, the camera looks like its shaking. its because the camera man was laughing so hard he shook the camera
What about John Cazale's "Wyoming" Scene in Dog Day Afternoon?
no "jewelry box scene" between Julia & Richard in Pretty Woman? I thought that was very iconic...launched the career of the biggest star in the 90s. 
Kieth Ledger is best unscripted scene!
I thought that weird smoke malfunction form The Wizard Of Oz would be here
amazing how alot of the lines you'd recognize toady from anyone saying it were unscripted. oh and "GAME OVER MAN"!
amazing how alot of the lines you'd recognize toady from anyone saying it were unscripted. oh and "GAME OVER MAN"!
it was one of my favorite scenes in the movie THANK YOU FUCK UP PYROTECHNICS
r lee ermey for president
Game over man....best line ever.
This video labels it correctly
Wrong... you clearly haven't watched any of the special features, The bombs went off as planned. The only thing that was improvised was when ledger fiddled with the remote, he was meant to get straight on the bus for safety....
If you pay attention to the car that explodes in the dark knight, you'll see the teams trying to put it out. The explosions stopped when they weren't supposed to, so they were probably about to go and put out the fires and the damned thing must have blew up in their faces
I read that most of Beverly Hills Cop was Improvised by Eddie Murphy 
you think im funny like haha like a clown, how the fuck am i funny?
Robin Williams should've made it here. He improvised almost all his stuff in Good Morning Vietnam.
I thought Rutger Hauer's entire dialog was improvised not just the "tears in rain" line.
﻿
lol i can see BF3 Trolling Dem Noobs 4 has some of these, like 2:02 !!! XD
And he let him do the improvision, which is a rare in Kubrick films...
A Clockwork Orange is easily one of my favorite movies.
R Lee Emery rewrote the first half of FMJ. Stanley Kubrick wrote it initially to have the instructor be a sadist. R Lee Emery told him it would work better in a literary fashion if Gomer Pyle was just too weak willed to hack the Marines. Not only that he was only hired on as a miiltary advisor for the film. When the initial Drill instructor actor wasn't up to par Ermey stepped in to show him how to properly do it. Stanley Kubrick then cut off the extra wheel and had Ermey do the scenes.
How was "Here's looking at you, kid" unscripted? Bogie says that like five times throughout the movie!
I was told the Bond... James Bond. Was unscripted in the first movie, I'm not sure if that's true, but I was told it.
Bullshit and tell that to anyone who has made it through Marine corps boot camp as apposed to Coast Guard boot camp. 
I don't get it
This needs a part two. There are so many good unscripted things out there, like most recently with Dicaprio's bleeding hand scene from Django.
FMJ is one of the best war movies ever made. While the drill instructor sure was excellent, there was more to the movie beside him. Let's say he made the first half, I'll agree to that
great list!! But what about Joe Pesci- Goodfellas-Why I am so funny scene? 
É tuuuuuuuuuuuuudo improviso! Vamo improvisar! hahaha
You forgot the scene of indiana jones, The raiders of the lost ark, where that guy who was swinging his sword around gets shot by Indy, Ford was sick that day and wanted to get the filming for that scene done early, so instead of a fight scene it was justs the one shot.
#22 is Knocked Up, not 40 year Old Virgin 
IMDB contains a plethora of information of every movie every made. 
how the hell would you know if these are unscripted or not ? did you write those scripts ??
Thousand more likely....He wasn't supposed to be in the movie, just consult.. But the guy they had as the DI reportedly just was not hitting it; Ermey basically said, "Let me show you..." and.......the rest is movie history.
Waow great !
That Dustin Hoffman scene was great 
So Bill Murray and Matt Damon have 4 of the 25 best unscripted scenes in the ENTIRE history of film ? Bullshit
Whoever the actor is in the final scene taking the abuse from R. Lee Ermey with a completely straight face deserves some major respect seeing as that was improvised. I would have definately broke and started laughing
5,555,355 visits, almost perfect! i envy the person who will watch this in 200 visits from now!!
Too bad Robin Williams didn't improv more farting scenes into "Mrs. Doubtfire".
They weren't going to improvise anything. Ford wasn't prepared to improvise but he decided he had to try something that would work so that's why it sort of was a brain fart of sorts.
Well maybe I mislabeled "I know". I don't want to take anything away from Harrison Ford. He indeed is a great actor. Not one of my favourites but I can give credit where credit is due. It's just how they got it. They tried sooo many times with "I love you too" or was it "me too" and they got frustrated cause it didn't work and Ford went on the spot while filming "ah, fuck it, let's try something totally different" and out of the blue came "I know" which is perfect.
the 20 best movies you must see! here
Brilliant
I thought the part from the shining was the part before. with the little pigs
full metal jacket was very funny XD
#22 is from Knocked Up, not 40 year old Virgin
I did hear that Jackie Gleason agreed to do Smokey And The Bandit only after being allowed to improvise lines if he wanted, apparently 3/4 of Buford T Justice's dialog is improvised.
INDIANA JONES?!?!?!?!
What about Bill Murray's speech from stripes?
#6 Actually that entire quote was improvised.
"you're gonna need a bigger boat" and "I know" was the most the most impressive ones.
No. They tried numerous times with "me too" and both Ford and Kirchner were fed up cause it just didn't work and they we're going to leave it cause they didn't know what else to do. Then Ford said "give me one more chance" or "let's try one last thing" or something like that and he didn't tell anybody what he was about to do and he just winged it and said "I know" and everybody was in awe on how perfect it was for that scene and that character.
L.M.F.A.O.
I can't believe the scene from Indiana jones wasn't included
I can't believe the scene from Indiana jones wasn't included
Like tears in rain!!! Not tears IN the rain! C'mon man! 
Number 05 was fucking genius
'I know' was the result of a substantial discussion between Ford and Kirchner when Ford didn't like the scripted line.
"Un-scripted" is relative here. Ermey probably said that to a hundred recruits in his real career as a drill instructor.
Made for one of the most memorable scenes in the film :D
I disagree with Han Solo's "I know" being a random lucky brain fat. Harrison Ford is a great actor that knows his characters well also, in my opinion, Solo is the most palpable, distinctive character in the whole sw universe. I even think Ford would agree he would've shot first. 
almost all of caddyshack is improvised
The explosion not going off in the Dark Knight was actually a pyrotechnics malfunction; it wasn't scripted. Ledger just rolled with it, like a badass.
Seven-six-two millimeter. Full metal jacket. 
If you're ever around a real drill instructor from the corps, they all got the best lines
The ENTIRE thing was unscripting, the drill srg wasn't even supposed to be in it until he sent the director a video of him insulting a line up of people for 25 minutes straight!
*Drill Instructor
False, he was a ex- drill instructor. Not trying to be a dick just helping.
There is a difference between unscripted, improvised and brain farts. Like Jim Carrey does his thing. The annoying sound was porbably scripted as "Do something annoying noices" and he did. On other films, like IIRC many Tarantinos, the director and actor will brainstorm something while filming if something isn't working or they just wanna try something new. So it's scripted but doesn't end up in any scripts. Han Solo's "I know" and Hannibal's "hsss" are, what I call, random (lucky) brain farts.
"i know", cuz Solo is just too good 
Yo where's the dirty Harry u forgot bout him
It's cool how these movies' greatest and most memorable lings are improvised.
Even the director of that film said that "I'm walkin' here" wasn't scripted.
I think #22 is actually from "Knocked up" isn't it? They did this same type of scene in "40 year old virgin" though.
"accidentally"
some of them weren't hugely impressive and some may have been scripted, but "I'm walking here" definitely wasn't
lol DO YOU SUCK DICKS?!?!
a lot of them were scripted "I 'm walking here certainly was
"Hey wona hear the most annoying sound in the world? NAAAAAERRRRRRRRRRR" xD
R. Lee Ermey played a blinder in Full Metal Jacket. It was also nice to see him do a similar role in The Texas Chainsaw Massacre Reboots. He made those films if you ask me and they would have been rubbish without him.
As for analogy, I give it to Rutger Hauer for adding "like tears in the rain". An astounding profundity on his part. 
the actor is an ex-drill sergent in real life. I think he's used to that already.
The taunting from The Warriors being unscripted actually surpirsed me
drill sergeant: How tall are you? Private: 5 Foot 9 sir Drill sergeant: didnt know they stacked shit that high! 
I wont lie, if R. Lee Ermey was yelling my face i would accidently say i do suck dick because of the pressure.
The drill sergeant's entire role was unscripted.....reportedly...Kubrick hired him just as a consultant, but he was so good before the cameras, Kubrick paid off the actor and installed R Lee Ermey in his place....the kind of story I want to be true :)
After you get over the shock of what's happening, and learn to install some distance; you realize that Drill Instructors are some of the funniest people on the planet. 
The last one... omfg xD 
Blade runner is amazing
I've always heard that the break in the explosions in TDK was unscripted.
Most of these are great, but the "Knocked Up" scene is just stupid. I understand Bill Murray's entire 'Cinderella Story" scene was completely unscripted, as well as the infamous "grass" scene with Chevy Chase, so just limiting it to "it's in the hole" is misleading. Almost all of Murray's stuff is ad libbed, but I grant you that scene is kind of his signature piece.
friggin' awesome video clips. Especially the "Midnight Cowboy".
I seem to remember that Han Solo was supposed to say 'I love you too' but Harrison Ford improved on it.
Please do more. This was too good.
2:11, hilarious!
omg i love this!
Ghostbusters had a lot of improv dialogue in it by Bill Murry's character...
DUDE! you forgot the best one ever from Pirates of the Caribbean 2. The scene where Johnny Depp's character Jack Sparrow starts singing "i got a jar of dirt, i got a jar of dirt" was unscripted and the crew members reactions were actually the casts reactions because they didn't know what Depp was doing.
Dude, actors are not robots. Many directors give them the liberty to be flexible with the script. Oh and the DI was actually a former DI.
And to think that he was only supposed to be a technical adviser.
Um, hello? Dog Day Afternoon. Practically the whole movie was unscripted! You couldn't have included even one of its scenes?
Oh really? I heard your conception was unscripted.
I bet it's all very scripted, so fake and fuck you.
I bet it's all very scripted, so fake and fuck you.
has this guy only seen ten movies?
And then the fact he can say it without laughing.
They saved the best for last.
Gunny was the best clip! Lmao!!!
;n; dun worry
It was how they said it
When Full Metal Jacket first came out, I told my parents "that's what my drill instructor was like; he's a good actor." When I later found out he was once a real drill instructor, I thought "well that definitely makes sense; only a real drill instructor can play that scene well."
Check the intro text, brah
As I understand it, Ermey was the tech. advisor to the actor who was originally playing the D.S. He for some reason wound up replacing the actor.
He was a drill instructor in the military prior to his acting career. I'm sure this is the kind of thing he said all the time in the service.
You do know that Marine Corps has Spec Ops too...Its called MARSOC. Besides the whole Spec Ops thing was completely irrelevant to the topic at hand 
They may...sign up and find out. It's more exciting then sitting behind a computer.
Who the fuck was talking about "Spec Ops"...Are you half retarded bro?
how is the heath ledger scene a 'greatest' scene? what a shit film
each of the actors improvised in 'how' they said that particular phrase, if I read the caption correctly
You can see Jeff Daniels start to laugh when Jim Carrey does the annoying sound. Briefly.
what about the whole bitch thing? jkkk:P
"I'll bet you're the kind of guy that would fuck a person in the ass and not even have the goddamn common courtesy to give him a reach-around!" If that's unscripted this guy is hilarious. 
number 1 was deffinitely the best but i thought number 2 should have been the one in resevoir dogs
blade runner should of been #1
What about, "Let us hope that Mr.Potter will always be around to save the day" "Dont worry, I will be" That whole dialogue was improvised and it's one of Harry Potter's most memorable lines...
John Malkovich: One could certainly wish for that, but no, sadly, that isn’t true. It was scripted, and it was gonna be cut because Spike [Jonze] felt we were running out of time. [ . . . ] So a writer chucked it and hit me in the head on the very first take. But it was scripted.
unscripted?NOT!
Matt Damon is a bad actor
oh it was a soccer movie lmao shinning !! winning !!!!
Shut your mouth...stupid Marines...spec ops are other services too..
he was there, duh... 
im sorry you fealt dehumanized when you were in... assuming you were in, because you seem to be speaking from experience. good for you for being an entrepeneur, im proud of you, keep it up... i hope that gave you the approval you seek. 
im not being a douchebag but how do you know these are unscripted?
Loved every one of them. thanks for posting.
Give me the keys cocksucker was not improvised. They were told to say it because of what was said when the crime happened. 
Jack Nicholson was in a movie called The Shinning"? Who knew? I knew he was in The SHINING, but The Shinning?
Just so you know, that Dark Knight scene wasn't supposed to have a pause. The explosions were supposed to occur all in a row, and the Joker was supposed to walk away all cool-like, but when the explosions paused, then he improv'd. ;) 
The "The Silence Of The Lambs" scene is amazing. Best scene from any movie EVER.
Meh, it's all the same. We all know the stories about the marines and the seals. I wonder if they used the nickname "ass grabber" for themselves too?
Here's one to add: all of Robin Williams' broadcasting monologues in "Good Morning, Vietnam"!
Well done.
Great list.
Semper Fidelis!
"Do you suck dicks?"....Epic...lol
:38 wrong movie bro, thats knocked up.
And when a Dude uses Dr. in his name all REAL Doctors take offence;-)
All these great movie scenes and the comments page turns into a forum for pissing and moaning about military definitions and ranks...really?
then make it easier to understand.
I can't believe anyone who is in any kind of military force would get offended for being called a soldier. That sort of pride is beyond idiocy.
ask any Marine such as my self, its Marine not soldier. Ill break it down for you Army= Soldier, Marines= Marine, Navy= Sailor, Coast Guard= Coast Guardsmen, Air Force= Airmen 
Ok ive been seein allot of bitching about Im a marine not a soldier...Your a soldier in the U.S Milatary Juset like the air force the army navy coastguards are soldiers of the U.s Milatary. Get over it and When any drill instructer yells at you its serious dont single everyone out in the milatary cause you feel its wrong get over yourselfs.
Ok ive been seein allot of bitching about Im a marine not a soldier...Your a soldier in the U.S Milatary Juset like the air force the army navy coastguards are soldiers of the U.s Milatary. Get over it and When any drill instructer yells at you its serious dont single everyone out in the milatary cause you feel its wrong get over yourselfs.
They forgot Al Pacino in Scarface. "Say Hello to my little friend", a classic.
The men who founded your country would be disgusted at the size of your military and how it weakens the country more. They choose to put their life on the line for another man's battles, and I choose a life of peace. One love
well...I guess you can enjoy being this entrepreneur that you are due to the decision of those that have been at arms. I have never really met a true and successful entrepreneur that wasn't grateful for the decisions of those that wanted to stand for this country...whether lack direction or not they have more on the line than most you can think of. Please, take your adolescent bullshit elsewhere. 
I am not in any form of military service, but that is just disrespectful. I thank those men and women for putting their life on the line, so I can have my freedom. They don't lack direction, they have courage and are completely unselfish. They are more human than anyone because they can put the people they love and people they don't even know before their own lives and fight for that. 
Military is completely unhuman, I'd rather be myself and an entrepreneur. But I can see why dudes who lack direction and need instruction from another man would join.
So that whole "Annoying sound" thing was not supposed to have become famous decades after it was born, that it was nvr meant to be... hahaha
the dude abides
a clockwork wrecker 
The Shinning?
its Michael MADSEN!
uh... that wasnt the 40 year old virgin, that was knocked up. you fail dude. 
No one outside the military will ever understand the drill instructor vs drill sergeant or soldier vs marine thing. It's sad. And whoever said all branches are equal is naive. There's a reason marines had to start wearing the same uniforms as the army. Look that one up.
The farting scene was so good, classic robin williams. The original script has her like, rolling over on his alarm clock so he got up late. 
Haha the usual suspects wow brilliant. I like them all but silence of the lambs was so good.
"I've come here for 2 things; to chew bubble gum and kick ass- and I'm all out of bubblegum". 
what about jack sparrows "i got a jar of dirt. i got a jar of dirt" in pirates of the carribean 
Reservoir Dogs surprised me Tarentino is a pretty particular director but he dose his job better than anyone else
Not to mention that Canada's JTF-2 kicks ass on the Marines. 
I don't really remember saying the M arine C orps was any better. We just use different names. It seems like you may not be the sharpest knife in the drawer, so let's use examples! :) If your name was John, would it be ok for me to call you Jeff? Is it all coming clear now? Let's try analogies now! "drill sergeant" is to army, as Drill Instructor is to Marine Corps. Or, soldier is to army as Marine is to Marine Corps as Airman is to Air Force as Sailor is to Navy as Guardsman is Coast Guard ?'s
R Lee Ermey......CLASSIC
Why does Youtube ban so many movies that are classics? No blade runner, no Rambo, No Road Warrior. They pull em the second they are posted and its bullshit.
I take offense to your sense of elitism. The marine corps is no better than either of the other branches of the US military regardless of what you might believe. 
yea blade runner scene is ace!!!!!! time to die!!!
He was """NOT""" a drill sergeant.. He was a Marine Corps Drill Instructor. We take that extremely offensive. Just like the whole "soldier" thing...
That was not a soldier, that was a Marine. Just couldn't let that one slide sorry :/
Another actor great at improvisation was Gary Busey. Alot of stuff in the movie "The Buddy Holly Story" was improvised.
Like tears, in, the rain
3.24 best line ever best film ever
dehuminized?... hmmm... never fealt "dehumanized"...
you forgot the best of them all johny depps i got a jar of dirt from pirates of the caribean 2, he wasnt even suposed to be in that scene he just randomly jumped into the middle of the scene shouting "i got a jar of dirt" as you can se by the surprised actors facial expressions
As I get ready to head out for the weekend I leave you all with this. Some language so speakers low or earbuds recommended if you in the office. I found some of these to be ones I knew about while most of them I did not. ﻿
Being dehumanized, ordered by other men, being away from friends n family to be with random men, and fighting other men's battles? Gotta love the military!!!
YESSSSSSSSS! Full metal jacket FTW one of the best line in that movie thanks
He was a real fucking drill sergeant.. and when a drill sergeant is yelling at you, its fucking serious business.
How that soldier being berated by R Lee Emey doesnt break out laughing I will never understand! Cuz I laugh every time I watch that scene in the movie.
ha ha love hoffman. the essence of great acting if its not in the script but you can make it better.
im getting myself a storm troopers outfit.
you forgot indiana jones shooting the bad guy with the sword. Harrison Ford had the runs or was feeling really sick. 
i love that movie
1:19 if i recall, no, the effects didn't go off on time, but the actor stayed in character they where all sopose to go off when he clicked the button 
sorry stephen, i hit the skip button! 
That was such a hectic scene! 
the r lee ermy D I scene was typical of the Drill Instructors of the 60s and 70s Since Ermy was a former DI this was really not improv--it was from his own experiences. I remember such comments when i was in Boot Camp Ooh Rah!
It's not 40yr old virgin. The film is Knocked-Up. Retards.
it is unscripted actors do that alot but only when its good it wil stay in the movie
breast milk.. you made my dayyyyy
I always thought that GAMER OVER MAN GAME OVER was to genius to be scripted
i dont believe you
i dont believe you
Holy crap . if was last one was really improvised. Bravo
He wanted those fucking keys
Indy shoots the swordsman in Raiders. Classic moment, made up on the spot because Harrison Ford had dysentery and if they had a full on fight scene people would have been able to see shit running down his leg.
Don't believe everything you see on the Internet. There is no way these scenes were not scripted.
R. Lee Emery FTW! 
Aragorn yelling after kicking the helmet in LOTR: The Two Towers was improvised. He had broken his toe...
most boring video ive seen 
I'm surprised how pecis you think I'm funny wasn't here.
Beautiful video. Provoked thoughts of wonderment and self-realization.
People Dont believe this fuckin Moron who posted this crapola This JackAss Has no fucking way to know What the fuck was scripted or cock sucking improvised over such a long mother fucking period of Shit sucking Time.... These lines were scripted:)
I had no idea that the Reservoir dogs one was improv! Awesome!
That's some fucked up repugnant shit!
These are real good but...what about Joe Pesci in Goodfellas?? The whole "wtf is so funny about me" was completely improvised.
I would just like to point out that number 24 is technically inaccurate. Bill Murray's entire character in Caddy Shack was for the most part unscripted. Some was direction, but most was improvisation.
Cause they were truly shitting themselves and they got to a point where they just weren't too sure it was all fake. 
The one from Full Metal Jacket is my ringtone and it went off in a bank once...thats 3 minutes I'll never get back...
MAAT DAEMAAN!
This was great, but I want to see an updated list. Like in Pirates of the Caribbean: Dead Man's Chest, when Johnny Depp runs around the ship yelling "I've got a jar of dirt!!", that scene was unscripted. The 'wtf' reactions by all the actors were their actual expressions.
Wow - that was fantastic! Thank you.
These are great scenes. You chose wisely.
There is no way I could've kept a straight face, not in a million years. That was so freakin hilarious.
The big ass check was preventing them! xD
funny story about that shot. Harrison Ford had some food poisoning he was dealing with, and there was supposed to be an elaborate fight with the whip but he kept running to the bathroom. He said to Speiberg, "look dude, im sick, can Indiana just shoot him?" so he filmed the gag and ended up loving it and it became the defining moment for the character. I learned this from those background videos that used to play in Blockbuster Video, lol. 
Full Metal Jacket....sigh <3
They did actually arrange that beforehand I believe.
what about in indiana jones when harrison ford was supposed to fight with a sword but he was too tired so he shot the guy instead?
DO YOU SUCK DICKS!!?
the woody allen sneeze was in the fuckin script
i love your profile pic 0o0
thats a myth
nice upload hahhahaa! 
If you really want to see improv just watch Vitalyzd
blade runner one is the best
I'm surprised that Raiders Of The Lost Ark didn't make the list. When Harrison Ford shoots the Egyptian swordsman. I'd read there was a fight scene choreographed, but Ford was suffering from diarrhea. Having to urgently again use the restroom, Ford grabbed his prop gun, and shot the villain. Spielberg loved it, and it made the final cut. 
The person who put this together doesn't seem to understand the difference between a "scene" and "dialogue". Most of these are not improvised scenes, but improvised lines of dialogue.
1:10
SIR NO SIR!
Lee Ermey is bad ass
Number 22 the "40 Year old Virgin" it's "Knocked Up."
"I bet you're the kind of guy to fuck someone in the ass and not have the god damn common courtesy to give 'em a reach around!" ... Fucking hilarious! Give the man an Oscar!
Just go with it﻿
''I love you!..'' ''I know.''
what about the telephone scene in it's a beautiful life. all jimmy stewart was told to do was was forget his hat. it's one of my favorite scenes scripted or not scripted.
22. That's knocked up not 40 year old virgin, but they did the same scene in 40 year old version whilst playing playstation, let you off....
It's pretty funny, but sort of cartoonish.
Funny, because i know that they say exactly the same in 40 year old virgin!
DO YOU SUCK DICKS!!!
2:28 Kleeeeers, come out to play!
I don't care what anyone says, Woody Allen sneezing away $2K worth of coke as an unscripted ad-lib is just freakin genius, pure 100% comedic genius. Look at Diane Keaton when he does it, she loses her shit. An Oscar winning legend, the epitome of Method Acting, one of the most focused actresses of her time, just loses it and has to hide her face to keep from ruining this brilliant shot. This scene is the finest example of perfect comedic timing ever.
I don't care what anyone says, Woody Allen sneezing away $2K worth of coke as an unscripted ad-lib is just freakin genius, pure 100% comedic genius. Look at Diane Keaton when he does it, she loses her shit. An Oscar winning legend, the epitome of Method Acting, one of the most focused actresses of her time, just loses it and has to hide her face to keep from ruining this brilliant shot. This scene is the finest example of perfect comedic timing ever.
That wasnt 40 year old virgin 
I'll be watching you!
I believe he was originally hired as a sort of tehnical advisor for FMJ but the director was so impressed that he gave Ermy the role instead
um, quite a few things there are scripted ay.. i looked into it
Wtf! Heath improvised there
The blade runner one was not ad-libbed what he said was in the script he just cut a lot of it out.
Fuck, Matt Damon is terrible. You can hardly tell he was thinking the scene on his feet... yeah, no, you can totally tell. Not sure how "give me the keys motherfucker" is improvisation. It was written, they did it differently, that's acting, not improv.
The whole beginning scene of Full Metal Jacket was improvised
That made my night!
If they wrote it it's not improvised. 
most of the show workaholics is improv 
Gunney rules
You forgot the campfire scene in My Own Private Idaho. River Phoenix and Keanu Reeves got together and wrote that one and asked Gus Van Sant to add it to the film.
The Corps also promoted him to Gunnery Sarge just for his true to life performance in this movie. Note that he was out a while at this point...
There is a little bit more to the Han Solo "I love you," "I know" scene than that it wasn't in the script. The original scripted line was "I love you too," but it didn't sound right to Kershner and he kept telling Harrison Ford to "make it sound more like Han" (Something Ford couldn't do because it's not in Han Solo's character to admit he is in love) frustrated after multiple takes, Ford finally snapped "I know" during one of them.
And probably one of the most auspicious debuts in american film history all the dialogue was more or less improvised GRANTED R lee ermey plays the same character in almost every film this is is stilll his defining moment he makes swearing and condesenscion almost poetic in this case!!
interesting
Literatortura \o/
What about the original willy wonka film? The first scene you see wonka was not in the script before he took the job. 
Malcolm McDowell é genial!! Não consigo imaginar outro ator interpretando Alex!!
THe Rutget Hauer "Tears In Rain" speech was not improvised (even though many sites copy each other and say it was). It wasn't. It was in fact written by Rutger himself approximately 6 minutes before shooting the scene (they were in a hurry as the sun was starting to come up and it was the last night of shooting). He ran it by Ridley Scott who gave him the go-ahead and the rest is, as they say, history.
Muito bom. Gosto do mestre Anthony Hopkins e seu hsssss! Que medo!
Good!
Pulp fiction?
How is the 'Am I funny?' scene from Joe Pesci in Goodfella's not in this list? Probably the greatest improvised scene of all time
actually in the dark knight, the explosion stopping was not scripted. that's how good ledger was. he didn't break character even though something went wrong.
Trying multiple takes does not mean something was scripted. The singing in the rain scene in A Clockwork Orange took many takes as well, but the one they ended up using was not according to script. The song wasn't in the script
Wrong! The scene from the shining is in the guineas book for the most takes in a movie with over 350 takes.
GIVE ME THE FUCKING KEYS YOU FUCKING COCK SUCKER MOTHER FUCKERRRADGASHJKHSGASDFSDFSDGFHGSDJKF!!!!! xDDD
the 4th one with seth rogen and paul rudd is knocked up... 
You know, it takes a special kind of talent to be able to come up with stuff on the fly. And it takes an awsome kind of talent to almost be involved in an accident, like at 4:30, and just totaly roll with it. Pure awsome.
I'll be watching you!
How the hell did they not laugh in the full metal jacket scene
I'LL BE BACK.......all Ahhhneee, yup all Ahhhneee!!!!
True actors.
Does the virus come free
those guys in full metal jacket have the composure of a saint for not even such as a chuckle during these scenes
When Seth Rogen and Paul Rudd are calling each other gay, that's the film 'Knocked up'! Not '40 year old virgin'... :/ 
- - - > getiphone5.info.ms
The line in American Pie where Alyson Hannigan says "Say my name, bitch!" was not scripted. She was originally only supposed to say, "What's my name? Say my name!"... She added the "bitch" after about 6 or 7 takes. Also, R. Lee Ermey was originally a staff sergeant, and was promoted to gunnery sergeant after the films release, years after he had already retired. 
You should add the Django Unchained scene in which Leonardo DiCaprio injures his hand and still stays in character
782 people are peter puffers...
weird how some of the most famous lines are unscripted. E.g Your gonna need a bigger boat and game over man!
Well, after this R. Lee Ermey gained HUGE respect from me ! I admire the rest also for not bursting out laughing and rolling on the floor.
What about the entire scene in SLC Punk about "Salt Lake City being home"? That was a about six minutes of unscripted dialogue!
What about the x2 Alien scenes? One with Sigourney getting 'bitch' slapped in a very rare 'female-female' moment (in any movie!) without knowing it was coming and the Penis-Alien morph erupting from John Hurt's stomach ...some of the actors not knowing it was gonna happen, etc = Best Supporting Actress scene stealer! Mr "Sound Up as if you've got a pair!" is easily the number one though ...even if I didn't think much of the movie. 
Was that Dustin Hoffman? Darn Taxis
'steers 'n' queers' roflmao.
hahaha. good one (about deniro)
hahaha. good one (about deniro)
conclusion from watching this video? bill murray, stephen baldwin, jack nicholson, harrison ford and heath ledger are "the illest muthaf**kas from here to gar-de-na!" to quote the beastie boys. Sub-conclusion: matt damon is a panty waste, over-rated piece of dog crap !(sorry, ladies)
I enjoyed that. Good going =)
I'm going to watch 2:00 from now whenever I need a good laugh
haha! just read the bill murray line. *high five*
if you think about it, improv chances for these actors probably happen very often, and those with the confidence or freedom (personal or from director, etc.) will go with it. These actors are so talented that their off-the-wall stuff can be genius and of course the directors will go with it when it is
yes! ... high five
you forgot all the arruragahagagghhh!!!'s from arnold schwarzenegger.
Kind of figured about No. 13...
The janitor from Scrubs, all lines were improvised too.
That scene with matt damon sucked, IMO
ONLY STEERS AND QUEERS COME FROM THERE! HELL I BET YOU COULD SUCK A GOLFBALL THROUGH A GARDEN HOSE!
most of them were actors.......actoring. they were given a line. they delivered the line, acting is improv
1:50 look at the chick in the red in the Bill Murray scene, shes holding back from blurting out in fits of laughter
Might have been talking about Cowboy's lines.
More than 5 of these were scripted. Might have come from improv and practice, but known when it was shot. i applaud the effort, though. Just cut it down to 15 and fill the rest with bill murray.
yeah its no surprise that the drill instructor shot was improvised, as he is a drill instructor and its what he has said a billion times in boot camp..always knew that was all him...
The farting scene in Rain Man was 'unscripted', haha ;)
In the scene from The Usual Suspects, that whole entire lineup was originally meant to be serious. One of the actors farted loudly and they just began cracking up. And in Taxi Driver, that's like telling the Founding Fathers "Make us a government or some shit" and getting the Constitution in return.
Search this in youtube: 'Knocked Up Deleted Scene - Know How I Know You're Gay? (2007)' It says at the bottom, and they reference the 40 year old virgin.
same here lol
This was great. Thank you
same here
it wouldn't be wise to look at the man in that situation.
Lol nice one
Mr. Ermey is the shat!!
I only watched this because it wouldnt leave as it pops up everytime
People are so uptight....Change the title of the 6 minute montage and someone would find a reason to complain. Take it for what it is worth; entertainment. Besides the movies that have been released over that ten to fifteen years have that have good to great scripts are beyond boring. 
Um, is it just me but I kind of find this a tiny bit suspect. I mean I don't know for a fact that these were scripted and maybe this is just a bias because I'm a film/tv screenwriter but this is almost could be called 25 of the most memorable lines/moments in the history of film.Obviously there's an argument that the magic of improv embues them with a special resonance... but it just started striking me as odd around #15... anyway, I'm sure it's just me.
Can you prove it?
the shing?
The blood in the hand from Leonardo Di Capri in Django is also unscripted. Not that the movie was out when this video was release, but just a little extra :D
or the slow clapping by Joker scene in The Dark Knight 
Do you suck dicks?
haha - EWWWW - just got a visual of R. Lee Emery doing that
That is the truth, too.
Holy crap, Dustin Hoffman was ACTUALLY almost hit by a car!
GIVE ME THE FUCKIN KEES U COCKSUCKAA MOTHAFUKKKAAAA!!!!
Haha, yeah it sure is. I have read it. The movie definitely makes more of an impression, but it's a good book too. Been a while, maybe I will read it again :)
How was it possible to not include Joe Pesci's "What's so funny" speech from Goodfella's? 
AHAHA. Harrison Ford's the coolest!
The Clockwork Orange scene is one of the most unsettling, disturbing things I've ever SEEEEEEEN! My God! - that moronic giggling, the creepy masks, the cups on the outside of their pants - all while raping some guy's wife in his own home while he watches ... it's chilling, oh my brothers! I am glad I wasn't a fan of "singing in the rain" prior to seeing this movie! (Though it did ruin the Singing in the Rain scene for me when I would finally watch it years later) 
25 greatest unscripted scenes in films and joejohn1423s life story
Usual Suspects one = awwwwwesooooome! ... Matt Damon's story in Private Ryan? LLLLLLLAAAAAAMMMMMMMEEEEEE. (I'm really starting to realize I fuc**ng hate Matt Damon!). Woody Allen's sneeze? AHAHAAAA. That's so hilarious! um um um ... many of the other ones just go to prove - actors are some of the coolest people on the planet, man! Shoot. "Like tears, in rain" ... ehh. Kinda cool. I have mixed feelings, personally. Doesn't really fit with that character (but I realize that is the point) 
Sorry, I know that very few, if anyone, cares ... but! The "annoying sound" from dumb and dumber - big props to the guy in the middle (name?) for how he played along! lol. I mean, Jim Carey comes up with hilarious improv at the drop of a hat, but their following along really made the sccene. And the Good Will Hunting one should have been on the cutting room floor NO QUESTION - gross! (And Matt Damon's humongous, toothy grin is annoying) ... Bill Murray is one of the coolest guys to ever live ...
thank you so much for including the malkovich one!! omg, i LOVE that! lol. The randomness of it and Malkovich's reaction is hilarious! ... ok, back to the rest of them ...
Break out laughing in the military and you would be doing pushups for 6 months. Yes they really used to talk to trainees that way.
I heard that same steers and queers line in army basic training long before that. It's almost military tradition.
Thats interesting
What about the conversation between Clooney and Pitt in Oceans Eleven at the end?
What about the conversation between Clooney and Pitt in Oceans Eleven at the end?
The movie was called 'the outsiders'. The greasers v the soc's.
I was hoping Denzel's speech in Training Day made this list. "I RUN SHIT HERE, YALL JUST LIVE HERE"
yeah they say he had a hang over that day so he was just like "fuck it"
because he was constipated that day and couldn't
I would have thought that the scene in that one movie where a war raged between the greasers and the high end rich slick boys and the one greaser fell out of his seat that wasn't suppose to be in there (cant remember the name of a movie)
handme tha keyscocksucka. ENGLISH PLEASE. exuse me. ENGLISH. handmethe fuckinkeys ya coksuka
GIVE me your fuckin' KEYS, you COCKSUCKIN' MUTHA-FUCKA!!!
I read an interview with Rutger Hauer where he said he shortened a big long speech he had at the end of Blade Runner to about 4 lines, but IIRC he discussed it first with Ridley Scott.
I was expecting that scene to come up as well.
thats funny
full metal jacket is da shit!
I can't believe no scenes from either Four Brothers or Goodfellas made it into this video.
THIS IS FAKE
The crew of Midnight Cowboy didn't have permits to stop traffic, so they had to film it with hidden cameras. It took fifteen takes before they got the timing right. The cab driver blew the red light. There were no FILMING signs.
The drill is to ignore distractions.
I think he actually told Spielberg and had his idea approved before doing it.
#22 is from "Knocked Up" not "40 Year Old Virgin".
micheal madison was best, "can u hear me now"
RIP HEATH LEDGER
Actually, I thought I read that they had to alter that part of the script because the guy playing Indiana Jones got Dysentary or something like that and was unable to act out an intricate fight scene. Not sure, but pretty sure I read something about it.
That was the best part of the movie as well.
"Game over man", I can't believe it. Most memorable line in the entire movie.
Totally! I can't remember the last time I had a conversation where someone hasn't brought that up in a reference, except for all the conversations when that never happened which has been all the conversations I've ever had since that shitty movie came out.
A Clockwork Orange made me feel sick to my stomach.
Because if you move he will rip out your eyeballs and skull fuck you. 
With The Dark Knight, it was completely scripted that that would happen, him tapping the button. It was even in the pre-vis.
I would never have guessed...﻿
So they don't get yelled at also...even though they could anyway...
GIVE ME THE FUCKING KEYS YOU FUCKING COCK SUCKING MOTHER FUAKDGHDKFHKDHFASHDFJKASHJFG! 
its knocked up you dumbass 
Just not very impressive
Yeah, but after the second time you're forced to salute squirrels out in the rain for a few hours you get out of the habit.
A superb unscripted scene occurred about 2/3rds into the movie "Gettysburg". Martin Sheen as General Robert E. Lee and others made an appearance on horseback near the thousands of re-enactors and the men went crazy, chasing him & trying to shake his hand or merely touch him. I know many of the re-enactors that were there and they said it was as if General Lee was actually there and they reacted accordingly. By the way, it happened on the very first day of filming. A great movie, worth watching.
Discipline
I always wondered why people in the army lineup are just staring forward when the sergeant is hollering at someone. wouldnt you at least wanna take a peek at that?
to be honest i just clicked on the vid because i saw full metal jacket
The 'coulda been a contender' monologue in On The Waterfront was unscripted - has to be number one! 
Rutger Hauer and R. Lee Ermey are the best
Not to mention Sheen's actual mental breakdown filmed in the hotel room scene.
"Tears in the rain", best of all times.
Where's Johnny depps I've got a jar of dirt
What about the last line in Gone with the Wind from Rhett Butler "Frankly my Dear I don't give a damn." =P but my favorite like was definitely from the drill sergeant!!!
thx for reply! 
Actually they had to cut the scene because the making of the film took too long. Bonus material dvds for the win.
I bet you're the kind of guy that would fuck a person in the ass and not even have the goddamn common courtesy to give him a reach-around. I'll be watching you. - Gny. Sgt. Hartman ^ you cant say that wasnt great hahahaha
They said so in a doco about the movie, so I don't know.
Drill Instructor*
Ironically making it that bit more badass.
Ironically making it that bit more badass.
drill instructor. it's the united states marine corps.
how is joe pesci's "how the fuck am i funny" scene not here???
thats how the drill sgt talks to everyone in real life 
Yep. That's it. Sorry for the late reply.
worth the watch
@cedric saxon I got so bored with your comment I stopped reading it after a couple words. It doesnt have to do with anything anyway so shut the hell up
Harrison Ford had an unscripted scene in Raiders of the Lost Ark. He was sick when they were filming the scene where Indy shot the fancy pants swordsman. They were supposed to have a long fight scene but Ford decided he didn't want to and shot him instead.
I'm surprised the Indiana Jones scene didn't make it on here.
22 is knocked up not 40 old virgin
Great Compilation. Loved 'em all!
I have no words for your comment, sir. Only disbelief
If I hated a race, I might campaign to flood all of their countries with millions of people that are not their race, and tell everyone to “mix in”, until no people of that kind were left. If anyone objected, I would scream Racist! at them and get them fired from their jobs. If I hated a certain race, I might do that. But I am not doing that. Anti-whites are doing it to White people in all White countries and only White countries. Anti-racist is a code word for anti-White. 
some of these are actually pretty bad...
very well put together, nice
Drill Instructor
what about On The Waterfront "I could have been a contender!" ???????? MARLON BRANDO WHY ARE YOU ALL SLEEPING ON HIM 
Tuco!
knocked up not 40 year old virgin
Yeah, that is an awesome improv
Reservoir dogs -shudder-
"If your going to shoot, shoot. Don't talk" 
Because Will Ferrell is a waste of human flesh.
Almost all of R. Lee Ermey's dialogue was unscripted 
Welcome to Youtube.
I was in Marine Corps boot camp. Nobody was as good as R Lee Ermey aka GSgt Hartman.
Isn't that essentially the same film? lol
Some pretty good ones in there:)
He's called a Drill Instructor.
How does Anchorman not make this list?
Great scene as he had the trotts something chronic and could'nt be bothered to fight him, classic :)
that scene from full metal jacket was unscripted?!?
matt damon is a great actor ...idiot!!!
2:59 proof matt damon can't act
WTF, you totaly mised the line in the princes bride when miracle Max says to inigo montoya " true love is the greatest thing in the world, except for a nice muten lettuce and tomato, when the muten is nice and lean. and the tamatos are just right.........but that's now what he said....." 
so apparently female actors cant improv
Man, mind blown that the 'tears in rain' line was improvised. That entire soliloquy was fucking beautiful.
22 was knocked up, not 40 year old virgin.
You missed Indiana Jones shooting the black swordsman in Raiders of the Lost Ark.
Sgt Hartman is the shit
You're no bloody prize.
Good job dude.
Thanks for uploading! 
The Shinning?
Don't forget the most famous, "I got a jar of dirt!" -Pirates of the Carribean
the girl from the shining is so ugly it pisses me off
The "I know" in Empire was adlibed by Harrison Ford because Han Solo was not the kinda character Solo is would be all soft and mushy gushy and say "I love you too."
The "I know" in Empire was adlibed by Harrison Ford because Han Solo was not the kinda character Solo is would be all soft and mushy gushy and say "I love you too."
every other film was Kubrick...good...
The "steers and queers" line from Full Metal Jacket (1987) was not so much improvised as parodying the same line from An Officer and a Gentleman (1982)
R. Lee Ermey was not orginally casted for the role of the drill sergeant in Full Metal Jacket. As a real drill sergeant, he was originally a consultent for the movie. He was so good that they ended up giving him the part instead.
Thank you oh so very much. I am going to go watch that right now.
no
full metal jacket.
What movie was #1 from?
forgot the indiana jones scene shot while harrison ford was sick
Some of the best scenes in movies were not even in the script? That is so cool!
I don't see how the joker scene can be true, because it was green screened was it not?
That last one goddamn lol 
Only a drill sergeant could make that up on the spot.
2.51 has been dubbed over. Peter Sellers as Dr Strangelove actually says 'mein Fuhrer, I can walk!' If you know the movie it's very appropriate and funny.
Are you saying if people improvise, that means it's scripted?
Hes beard is also beautifully shaved and his hair looks like he had just come out of barbershop...
love the scene with r lee ermy
5:42 I actually watched FMJ not long ago and that part was funny :P
if that was unscripted.. i woulda burst out laughing at the reacharound part
reach around :P 
i like penis
R. Lee Ermey was a real drill sergeant before he was an actor. He told Howard Stern in an interview that the producers allowed him to use whatever lines he wanted in this scene. The other actors were not told what was coming and were only told to say "sir, no sir!" and "sir yes sir" as needed. The expressions on their faces were the results of the first times they were hearing the insults.
@Walter White Nah it's definitely from knocked up.
how could you have forgotten the "you think I'm funny?" scene from good fella's 
its matt damon there is no such thing as ugly teeth in the laws of matt damon
the original scene was and was improvised though.
Anthony Hopkins is the creepiest mother fucker to ever live. If I ever saw him in public, I would turn around and run in the other direction until I could run no more,
You know how i know your gay. You think its from Knocked Up but really it's form 40 year old virgin
lmao @ "reach-around"
"GIVE ME YO FUCKIN KEYS YOU COCK MUTHA SUCKKSKKSCKDVKwvbkSEFBINERBINIERINUGB" 
seems like none of these were actually ad libbed. :(
love taxi driver
very good. another classic from reservoir dogs is the line "I have a family" as the cops ear is about to be cut off. 
good top 25 
you twokin tu me, ha wise guy!?
Full Metal Jacket was the best military movie. Well, till We Were Soldiers come out. R Lee Ermey is cool.
ALWAYS thought that 2
A lot of the scenes here don't really qualify as unscripted. They may include additions to action added on set after rehearsal but the fact that the camera movement is all rehearsed and there is also additional coverage included from other angles leads me to believe that these scenes aren't necessarily "unscripted". The audio has also been recorded and mixed during these unscripted scenes so there obviously had some degree of set up.
you'd be surprised how many "mistakes" are put through to the final cut
why is improvision required arent they been directred? and when a mistake is made or something is left out they do a retake?
I kept waiting for Han's "I know" while watching this. One of the best ad-libs in history.
You know a Robin Williams movie is good when he has a beard.
This is so far from the truth, what about every Shane Meadows film!? Its the epitome of unscripted narration!
Joe Pesci Goodfellas?? "You think I'm funny...funny how?"
I know that's before you even mention his terrible acting Christ knows how that made the list.
Reach Around FMJ is the best
#22 is not from "40 year old virgin". It is from "Knocked Up". 
it's called acting......
oh fuck I laughed so hard in the annie hall scene
what about, "Igot a jar of dirt, I got a jar of dirt"
what about, "Igot a jar of dirt, I got a jar of dirt"
I think some of these were not "scripted" but were planned before the shoot anyway.
Some of these can't be true :')
excellent list here
That's the joker...
Extras will really do anything for a moment in the spotlight.
actually the Warriors "come out to play" line wasn't improvised because in the extras part of the DVD it explains you can hear someone in the back ground just before saying "action"
From what I heard, all the extras got really drunk while waiting for their take and were a little hard to control. 
The OD scene in Pulp Fiction should be on the list
Here's Johnny was unscripted? no way...
I thought it was "cat" first and lol'd. Would have been epic
And because he now had a line in the movie, the extra got a pay raise.
Great genes lol. :D
The Usual Suspects. God, that was a good movie.
That is Heath Ledger as the Joker from The Dark Knight. He was disguised as a nurse. 
gunny won!!!!!
& is that a lady at 1:10 
hahahh lol WTF is this
Dustin Hoffmans was the best.
GUYS GUYYS GUYYYYS!
I can't believe your comment received 32 likes. (at the time this comment was posted) 
Dumb and dumber wins it no doubt
my, matt damon has beautiful teeth for a soldier at war in WW2
WTF... 
"You wanna know how I got these scars? My father was a drinker. And a fiend. And one night he goes off crazier than usual. Mommy gets the kitchen knife to defend herself. He doesn't like that. Not one bit. So, me watching, he takes the knife to her, laughing while he does it. Turns to me and he says, 'Why so serious?' Comes at me with the knife, 'Why so serious' Sticks the blade in my mouth 'Let's put a smile on that face'. And...Why so serious?"
ahahhahahahahaha
what.. the.. fuck.. 
I thought Heath ad libbed that hospital bit. Maybe it's false, but it looks very ad libbed...I think that's what made the scene so much better...he went for it, it worked and they kept it! RIP!
Kubrick movies all over this!! 
wow!!!
Just FYI, Benicio apparently farted in that scene, that's what made the actors laughed. 
Kubrick.
kinda ruined the other scenes now, cant know if they are true or fake 
1:12, the joker scene was scripted. its false rumors saying it wasnt
You missed John Candy in The Blues Brothers...."This is car...what car are we?..Five-Five..this is car 55, whe're in a truck"! 
GIVE ME THE FUCKING KEYS YOU COCK SUCKING MOTHER FUCKAAAHAHAHAHAHA
English bro
22 is on knocked up I think
﻿
What the fuck did I just read?
you are dumb man 
Last was best
Matt Damon's was incredible if truely improvised.
But what about ALL of This is Spinal Tap? Or even just "This one goes to 11".
I can't believe it's not butter.
Well i think missing from that list is the scene from Mr and Mrs.Smith were brad pit is runing after Jolie through the back yards and trips on the last fence and shot the front window of jolies car, he was just supose to break through and shot at the car but in 1 take he sliped and desided to roll with it and what we get is one of the funnyest scene in the move 
A personal Honorable Mention of mine would go to the third ending of the movie Clue. Madeline Kahn flubbed a line and went with the 'flames.. on the side of my face...' routine on her own. If you look carefully, Johnathan Mull looks on cofusedly, while Tim Curry has to hold back the laughter. 
Well, I don't doubt you're sincerity. "The Final Countdown" and "Sphere", were two gems that I found later after the fact. I actually read the plot before this, and that's not exactly a seller. and since it's so easy to find on the internet, I shall quote, 5:32 "You're never going to know what you're to run into out there. If we can't hide our color we can't hide." [See outfits for enlightenment] I liked "Big Trouble in Little China", but if anyone said that it sucked, I wouldn't try to argue
One of the most overlooked movies of all time. It's an amazing film that deserves more attention. Plot wise, it's about a gang called "The Warriors" who get framed at a city wide gang meet up for the murder of a powerful gang leader.
The explosions didnt go off initially. When they failed the director urged the cameras to keep filming as they only could do the scene once. Keith Ledger stayed in character throughout as the technical crew tried to solve the problem. 
The explosions didnt go off initially. When they failed the director urged the cameras to keep filming as they only could do the scene once. Keith Ledger stayed in character throughout as the technical crew tried to solve the problem. 
well when you put it that way you make me feel American... T_T
The whole first part of Full Metal Jacket still gives me chills after all the times I've seen it. Some movies never lose their luster. 
Gimme the fuckin keys u mothafucking cock suck madafuckalaaaaaaa !!!
Why can't you believe it? Is something terribly wrong with you? Have you no soul? Have you no humanity? Have you ever seen a cat.
idk maybe they added the explosion greenscreen stuff after he acted it.
How was the dark knight unscripted?
No scarface? :O
is an a?
Uh, yeah. I mean star wars grossed 260 million. This one did 26 million. But then take a ridicules movie like "Critters" and you see that made 13 million. Or how about that dumb kid's movie Pete's Dragon, which made 36 million. The Black Stallion which came out that same year made 37 million, and I've never even heard of it. So yeah... wtf is The Warriors?
The warriors is an a quality film
WTF is The Warriors? Really? Get out.
my general reaction 5:43
HERE'S JONY
"I'd piss on a spark plug if I'd thought it'd do any good" - Wargames unscripted line. How did "The Warriors" get in there? wtf is that movie?
Can't believe that extra just drove by a chucked a can at John Malkovich's head, and it actually ended up in the movie.
R Lee Ermey probably had a lot of practice ripping on people on the spot hahah
no way, that line from jaws was unscripted!? 
Essentially all the dialogue in most of Woody Allen's films are improvised because he only gives the characters 'scene outlines' of how he wants the direction for the scene to go in and gives the actors free reign.
 Bill murray improvised a lot of his more famous lines 
Wow some of the most classic lines made up on the spot. where is that sub button for making something that is actually good 
"Here's Johnny!"
wow that crazy you need more views. ooo very good vid 
yes i knew that it looks like the vietnam era to me 
It's funny because... It's unscripted, but almost everything that was said and done is used as catchphrases today hahaha cool right?
Hehe...btw. the 'Usual Suspects' scene with the "give me the keys" line is also known for the fact that Benicio Del Toro was constantly farting which is why they are all laughing like idiots...I believe I even read somewhere the director Bryan Singer got pissed at them for laughing like fools. Later when they watched the scene they realized it's hilarious so they decided to put it back in. 
FMJ greatest of all time.
i honestly thought you guys would have enjoyed Ego raptor as a response, guess i'm wrong about the internet these days. XD
Have*
727 people dont jave the courtesy of a reach around
WTF! Don't you know On The Waterfront's 'I could've been a contender' scene was not in the script? One of the best adlib s in film history.
then again many of these WERE scripted lines, just late additions. 
the warrior scene made me laugh, WARRIORSSS COME OUT TO PPPLLLLAAAYYYYYYAAAAAAYYYYY!!!!? lol.
the star wars one WAS scripted. They just changed it at the last minute.
my favorite is from shrek 2. when theyre eating dinner, fiona's burp was an accident but they liked it so they kept it in
sometimes i cover my penis with toilet paper and pretend its a ghost
The scene from the breakfast club where they're all sitting in a circle on the ground talking was completely improvised. That should've been on here.
Paul Rudd and Seth Rogen were in both movies, and they exchanged similar lines in both movies, all beginning with "you know how I know you're gay?"
nah man its knocked up when the two of them are going to vegas on shrooms to watch cirque du solie
full metal jacket where the parts of boots camp was the most fuk up I ever seen since I was young
blade runner one should have been #1. it is #1 as far as i'm concerned 
i'm sorry but when vito corleone dies is also improvised, that one is missing
That was fun, thanks! The title font was a bit hard to read though. 
Where was the speech from "the other guys" where Will Ferrel talks about how tuna could take a lion in a fight.
i'm surprised they didn't list the interrogation scene in the fugitive. They guys playing detectives used to be detectives in boston. So they just through Harrison Ford in the room with them and started filming. 
No it's the 40 Year Old Virgin dude. Because they were playing video games and doing it too.
It is the 40 year old virgin
You should have included the scene from The Breakfast Club where all the characters stay in a circle and tell their stories about why they were in detention, it is also improvised, and a masterpiece 
ROFL THAT LAST ONE. "You're the kind of guy who would fuck a guy in the ass and not even have the common courtesy to give him a reach around" LOLOL
that would be because he IS actually a classic drill sergeant, a former Marine at that! ; b
that would be because he IS actually a classic drill sergeant, a former Marine at that! ; b
Well, actually, it isn't. its Knocked Up. You think you would at least research it before you tried to correct someone dumb ass haha.
cant believed im singing in the rain was improvised. this movie immortalized that song. nice going malcolm.
Or the famous "savvy" line. It is known to be improvised by Johnny.
benicio del toro is a fucking legend!
No, that's 40 year old virgin
i love number one a classic drill sergeant
good work
Actually it is 40 year old virgin... 
I just love how R Lee Ermey say's that shit so quick damn I love that part
R lee ermey got to love him 
the shinning really? 
they had a similar scene in 40 year old virgin when they were playing video games. still funny
Lol ya, you do that XD...
thanks for the reach around...... 
SIr! No! Sir!
 I know....
wheres pirates of the carribean "ive got a jar of dirt"?
films* 
So happen to be the greatest scripted scenes ever! 
DANNY YOU"RE A YOUNG MAN, DON'T DO IT xD. That gets me every time 
Don't believe everything you see online.
"The Shinning?" Michael "Madisen?" Somebody needs to learn some spelling and do some research before they run around uploading lame videos to YouTube all willy-nilly.
cool story bro tell it again...
*last scene ...BAWWS LIFE
no its not
WHAAAAAAAAAAT??? WARRIORS COME OUT TO PLAY WAS IMPROVISED?!?!?!? thats fuckin amazing.
I cant fucking believe "were gunna need a bigger boat" was unscripted..... it may be the most famous line in the history of movies and the genius just added it himself. Way to go directors your real smart.....
#1 is there for a reason... haha, I can watch that scene 100 times and still laugh...
Holy crap!!! Most of these are absolute film classics and they weren't even in the script???? WOW>
Well congratulations on being a total bitch for no reason.
I agree but what does that have anything to do with this video?
r lee was the best. 
4:50 Wow !! The actor has REALLY a great voice!!!
2:58 private rian. Great.Its in the film for real?
 Awesome! To get an improvised scene in such great films needs much talent!
Dumb and dumbers Jim carrey saying we landed on The moon is better than him screaming
Heath Ledger. God, I love him.
My mistake. He was given the honorary E-7 rank, not the E-6 rank. And you were right, he was a Drill Instructor.
I'm not surprised. He is Rutger Hauer.
and actully the drill instructor it's a real instructor, so the director only told him 'do your work'
the joker's simply awesome
The gag was in 40 year old virgin. It wasn't in the released version of Knocked Up.
"Gunny" Ermey never actually made E-6 but was awarded later as an honorary rank after this movie. He was also never a Drill Instructor.
True. "Gunney" Ermey was hired as a consultant for the film. While doing a demonstration where film crew were throwing tennis balls at him as he was spouting off, Kubrick hired him for the role. Oorah.
full metal jacket?... the first 15 minutes of that movie is absolutely one of the greatest things on film..... the drill sergeant is fucking amazing
there is absolutely no possible way for you to know if the scenes were unscripted or not.
Also in the full metal jacket scene, Stanley Kubrick called a cut in the middle of it as he didn't know what a reach around was. When R Lee told him what it meant, he laughed and then continued filming the scene.
Only a real drill instructor could have pulled off that scene. No Hollywood actor could even make a mediocre attempt at it. Yes, not even John Wayne.
Only a real drill instructor could have pulled off that scene. No Hollywood actor could even make a mediocre attempt at it. Yes, not even John Wayne.
Good video although I'm surprised the improvised scene from Life of Brian isn't in here
The Usual Suspects scene really cracks me up :P
I thought he did well inbodying the spirit of a broken worried soldier just kind of telling a story or reminiscing about something funny and not so bad during something difficult. 
Oh I didnt understand it that way. The way i read it made it seem as if the delayed explosion was accidental, as if the rest of the building behind him was supposed to explode in a more grandiose fashion
# 22 is knocked up not 40 year old virgin...
Awesome.
make a new one add the leo bloody hand scene from django unchained
*scene
By the way, It was 20 some odd years ago when I went through it. Things change over time.
Yes and no. They're not as obvious about hazing stubborn recruits. Today due to legislation, civilians do visit recruit training posts. I've seen a D.I. get told by an officer to watch the language when on the parade deck during visiting hours. Afterwards, man you better look out. 
the delayed explosion was scripted
You forgot Robin Williams and the Genie from Aladdin. 
heath ledger as the joker.. all i did the whole time i was watching the dark knight was think? "when is the next scene with the joker in it?" 
40 Year Old Virgin is actually from Knocked Up, the "You know how I know your gay?" scene from 40 Year old Virgin is when they're playing videogames in Andy's house.
That Warriors line was so iconic that the line was carried into the video game. And it was unscripted! I'm impressed
Where is Napolean dynamite? that whole dancing scene was unscripted.
that's why they win oscars,because of creation, actors not employees, if you know what i mean?! great video man
I think Casablanca should be #1. Nice list though. I loved the Dark Knight one.
Heath Ledger shouldve won Three Academy Awards for having a malfunction like that with an Explosive and just standing there like it wasnt shit, still in the character....acting his ass off.
yeah surprising right?
Seriously! Get your shit together mewlists!
16 still creepy
40 year old virgin clip is knocked up fool
good list and thanks for the explanations 
R. Lee Ermey did a great job in Full Metal Jacket.
Only a portion of these clips are actually unscripted. But a nice collection of scenes none-the-less.
Completely agree! Such a tough and well done scene!
How was "heres looking..." unscripted? He says it like 8 times throughout the film. 
Yes, it did seem kind of awkward.
"Warriors, come out to play"...best unscripted line EVER!!!
Spontaneity. How most of us wish we had it?﻿
This is awesome! Love it! 
im not sure i believe this, good if true though!
How do we know those lines were really unscripted?
This list need the scene in that fighting movie with Tony Jaa where he runs up the stairs and fights bad guys.
The Dark Knight one, at 1:10, is not true like it says in the annotation. The explosions were supposed to go off, but there was a slight pause in between, as you can see. Because there was a delay, the big explosion came unexpected. The little jump Ledger made when it finally went off was from real shock.
Harley. 40 year old virgin was them saying know how I know ur gay while gaming. The scene posted was from knocked up on the way to Vegas... idiot. ;) things can.be repeated from one movie to another ...
"Like tears in rain." Really? Wow! 
hand me the keys cocksuker watafuck xD
What about Brando's dialogue in Apocalypse Now?
Theres a scene in the first part of Francis Ford Coppolas "The Outsiders" where Matt Dillons cool loner character falls through a car roof by accident that generated real laughter that was kept in the final version. It's not iconic like some scenes but it's entertaining nonetheless.
Allegedly the birds flying away after Forrest walks away from Jenny's grave at the end of Forrest Gump was not planned, they just did it. While not as iconic as a lot of these lines, that is probably the greatest spontaneous addition to a movie of all time in my opinion, literally could not have been more perfect, especially given the feather to start and end the movie
are you a fan of curb? 
holy shit! "warriors come out to play" thats the best line in the whole movie and i have been saying that line for the past 20 years it was even my ring tone for a while and to think it was unscripted
its knocked up but brought their characters from 40 yr old virgins doing the how do i know your gay scenes
Just some that come to my head are "The Outsiders" when Matt Dillon's character falls of his chair (Unscripted), and the strangling scene in Halloween (Completely improvised) 
I had no idea any of these were unscripted. Goes to show what happens when you keep the camera rolling.
Have to go for the classic: Its a Wonderful Life. The scene where Uncle Billy (I think its him) crashes into trash cans off screen when he's drunk. That was actually the sound man dropping a bunch of stuff by accident...the actor used it and shouted "I'm alright" and saved the scene.
The best part about The Usual Suspects scene was that when they were filming, one of the actors was farting the entire time, which is why the others couldn't stop laughing. True story.
The best part about The Usual Suspects scene was that when they were filming, one of the actors was farting the entire time, which is why the others couldn't stop laughing. True story.
*scene
that was improvised?
what about johnny depp's jar of dirt scene? lol
They are all great, especially the top 10, but for me personally my favorite has to be number 6, Blade Runner. The line is just perfect, so simple yet so profound "all those memories will be lost in time, like tears in rain." I don't know why, maybe its just the line is delivered so perfectly, but it gets me every time. Really makes you realise your own mortality.
love that drill sergeant...i bet he's been bringing tough men to tears for years
Probably because of Full Metal Jacket. Least that's what I like to think.
People. Search, "Show me your war cry" before you go to bed XD
The Full Metal Jacket scene may well have been improvised, but came 5 years after the drill sargent in Officer and a Gentlemen) which used the line about "steers and queers." 
The crazy thing about "Full Metal Jacket" is that I watched it just before I went into the Army,and yes;drill sergeants do talk like that!
2:32 thats one ugly motherfucker.
Great scenes. I had no idea these were really done on the spot. ﻿
fantastic stuff. Thanks for posting and for your comments making things clear. Some really great improvs - its difficult to imagine some of these films without those great lines.
you lost me at Dumb & Dumber 
no it isn't, it's 40 Year Old Virgin idiot
3:29 Awesome
The movie you have for #22 is not "40 Year Old Virgin", it's "Knocked Up".
Don't know any Mike Rudd...
I remember in Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix, Hermione tells Ron he has "the emotional range of a teaspoon". The laughter that follows, I think, was spontaneous.
Another scene where Heath Ledger improvised during The Dark Knight was when Commissioner Gordon was being promoted and everyone starting to applaude, Joker starts to clap as well in his cell. 
The Scene in Usual Suspects - the reason they're all giggling is because Benecio Del Toro was doing incredibly cutting farts, and they his was doing them to try and make Gabriel Byrne laugh because he never corpses. 
About the Joker scene in the Dark Knight: It is my understanding that Nolan told the demolition guys to hold off on the explosion until Ledger pushed the switch a few times. Ledger, like a pro, kept going with it.
u know the first time i saw saving private ryan i always thought that that seen was awkward when he tells his story now i know why lol cus it was improvised 
2:00 Lmfao
lol no its not, guaranteed
DANNY YOU'RE A YOUNG MAN, DON'T DO IT
Another great unscripted scene was from the 1968 Steve McQueen movie Bullitt, during the chase when his mustang he was driving slides to far and Steve McQueen floors it in reverse and smokes the tires, then gets back into the chase, that was unscripted but the producers liked it so much they kept it in the final product
you know why your gay? was from Knocked UP as well- funny as hell. 
lolololol 
Holy dog shit Hahahahahahahahahaha
TheEvilways101
The first barracks scene from Full Metal Jacket has always been on the the top of the genre. "......a reach around" LOL Gunny Ermey is in a class all by himself.
If you make another one of these you should definitely include the bloody hand scene with Leonardo DiCaprio from Django Unchained. Good vid though
A mean case of the shits.
4 Kubrick films 
5:58 - 6:04 ROTFLMFAO!! movie or no movie if I were in that guys position I would not be able to keep a straight face or stop laughing so, gotta give him props! 
Blanket party = After taps, under cover of darkness and after the watch has made his/her round, guys hold the trouble maker/fuck-up down on his/her rack by pulling the ends of his/her blanket taut. Others line up, each with a padlock or a bar of soap in a sock and beat the crap out of the person trapped under the blanket. It is a way to let off frustration on a person who is screwing up and causing problems for the rest of the company. Body shots only. They show it in the movie. 
that wasn't the 40 year old virgin?
IIRC, R. Lee had to beg for the part, against the desires of the director. The only reason he got the part, was becasue the director was so frustrated with the 'top shelf' actors who had tried for the part.
Improvisation in movies is awesome. 
"I bet you're the kind of guy that would fuck a person in the ass, and not even have the god damned common courtesy to give him a reach around." Not only the greatest improvised line, but the greatest line in any movie ever!!!
Am I the only one who thinks #07 and #06 should be #01 and #02?
He had severe diarrhea actually. 
It wasnt a cold.He had mono.
Actually, Ford had the stomach flu. With him constantly going to the bathroom, and to get the scene over with faster, it was show with the now famous gun shot. 
where's the scene from spaceballs when dark helmet is playing with his dolls???
Robert Deniro saved the "Taxi driver" movie with that "you talking to me" line...
I thought Harrison Ford had food poisoning.
Funny?....yes!﻿
In my opinion, The Usual Suspects @ 2:02 is the funniest.. hahhaah
In my opinion, The Usual Suspects @ 2:02 is the funniest.. hahhaah
Better than his scenes is how Ermey got the role in FMJ. He was just a consultant as he was actually a former Drill Instructor in the army. He told Kubrick to give the role as the other actors 'weren't up to snuff', Kubrick refused and sat down, at which point Ermey ordered him to stand and Kubrick did it immediately without thinking and Kubrick gave him the role.
Originally Han Solo's line was 'I love you too' but even more originally he and Chewie were meant to fly off in the millennium falcon and set up for the next film but Harrison Ford didn't want to be in any more Star Wars films (he was later talked round to it obviously) so they literally froze the character.
what is the song playing during #10?
Full Metal Jacket....What a film.
 The wicked shall be turned into hell, [and] all the nations that forget God.-Psalms 9:17 GIVE YOUR LIFE TO JESUS CHRIST But as for the cowardly, the faithless, the abominable, as for murderers, fornicators, sorcerers, idolaters, and all liars, their lot shall be in the lake that burns with fire and sulphur, which is the second death Revelation 21:8 In flaming fire taking vengeance on them that know not God, and that obey not the gospel of our Lord Jesus Christ--2 Thessalonians 1:8 
4:38 the cab driver is just so real about it
The actors admitted to them being improvised in interviews and such, that and the directors/writers usually go on to say for themselves that they were indeed not in the script, as mentioning that sort of stuff obviously gets good attention for the film and the actors in it and so on and so forth. If you're quite in to film I'd highly recommend subscribing to Empire magazine, it's great, it's full of really thorough and often exclusive interviews with directors and actors etc. It's great stuff!
ha
I had a feeling that Heath's scene as the joke was unscripted that response when the explosions restarted was like him going, "Oh crap! Gotta go."
Bill Murray improvised all most all of caddyshack, not just one line
he wasn't cold he had diarrhoea 
commentary or interviews
Christian Bale dancing to Hip to be Square in American Psycho would've been a good fit
How do you know these are unscripted?
that was knocked up not 40 year old virgin. also half of those were scripted scenes. full metal jacket was, jaws was, saving private ryan was.
Isn't 22 Knocked Up not 40 Year Old Virgin????
U missed the 'think I'm funny' scene from Goodfellas... still good tho.
That's because R. Lee Ermy was an actual Drill Instructor in real life
Sorry mate, but it's true. The taxi just ignored the filming signs. He was probably just an arrogant prick and wouldn't take shit from some actor.
I just noticed the drill instructor in full metal jacket is the same guy from lock 'n' load
But it wasn't in the script? So its unscripted?? Da FAQ?
It was per-aranged with the director. Ford asked can he do that. So its not really unscripted.
that was awesome
Try Jack Nicholson in Easy Rider "niic, nic, nic, fu, fu, fu, indians"
Thats because the actor"is a real drill master who was originally brought in to assit the actor but ended up replacing him.
How could you leave out Christopher Walken and Dennis Hopper in True Romance???
/watch?v=_fTAQ6r-XEY ^
Lol r lee ermey is vicious
For the longest I thought it was Keante D:
It wasn't an improvisation on camera, just on the set
*Chianti-italian wine
How cool that some of the most famous lines in cinematic history were actually improvised. "Here's lookin' at you, kid" "Here's Johnny!" "You talkin' to me?" And of course the bone chilling hiss of Hannibal Lector. Fantastic stuff! :)
"I ate his liver with some Fava beans in a nice Keante, hsssssss" That always makes me lol.
I remember a Charlton Heston movie where a pontoon plane was coming in for a landing on a lake and accidently crashed. They used the scene in the movie along with "What the hell happened ?" I crashed the goddammed plane that's what happened!!!" 
The Warriors is so damn good.
The fuck is a "Blanket party"? Surprised the DI didn't get hurt from provoking someone through physical violence. Because no matter how trained you are there is always going to be someone better lol
Only one problem. it was Dustin Hoffman, not Pacino. 
I have number 6 tattooed on my arm 
That's an incredible list my friend. I love the one with Pacino in midnight cowboy. He's so into character that he doesn't even miss a beat. Then again, I tend to imagine Pacino like this in everyday life. 
Can you imagine if they let queers in the military back in WW2? There wouldn't be a Saving Private Ryan movie because it wouldn't take queers 3 hours to find Matt Damon.
He had diarrhea 
Mewlists..@ 0:49 its actually Knocked Up but they took the lines from 40 year old Virgin
Remember that film is about the collaborative performance. The point of an unscripted or improvised scene is that the participants (Director, actor, designers, writers) have all come together to produce such strong characters and situations creativity is stimulated. That is what makes these scenes memorable despite having not been part of the lengthy preproduction process.
In top gun, the classroom scene with mcgillis and cruise, val kilmers "*cough* bullshit" was unscripted. That was one the most unappreciated line in movies.
he didn't have a cold, he had dysentery 
How could you forget, though, James Dean's unscripted scene in East of Eden? One of the best!!
he actually had diarrhea that day thats why he didnt sword fight him, coz it isn't cold in the desert
heath ledger :) 
he had dysentary
he had dysentary
it really was a random taxi though
Any former Marine will tell you Emory's line were not improvised, they are common for Marine Corps boot camp. 
I actually sneezed at 4:02 XD
I bet every Drill Sergeant/Drill Instructor is required to watch the first part of Full Metal Jacket during their school. I swear I heard some variation of pretty much everything Gunny said when I went through Basic Training!
GAME OVER MAN GAME OVER
Although Rutger Hauer (the actor playing Roy Batty in Blade Runner) did write the Tears in the rain death speech, it wasn't exactly improvised. He had spent some time on it and the actual lines you chose from that speech for you montage were the only lines kept from the draft script. 
i doubt the taxi thing wasnt in the script, it all happend to perfectly, the taxi honks than slams on his brakes, his cigarette falls out of his mouth and the cab driver yells back at him, yeah right that was just some random guy
Great Vid..I would've added the "I am a Teacher" line from Tom Hank's character in Saving Private Ryan..according to Spielberg that whole line was all Tom Hank's improvisation
90% of those lines were infact in the script!
That 'Midnight Cowboy' one was hilarious! 
" I KNOW!"
I don't know how everbody didn't lose it when Gunny started goin off. lol
bullshit bullshit bullshit my line
To be fair, there are also a lot of lines that were scripted and have become iconic - always got to remember confirmation bias. That said, I agree, there are a lot of iconic lines here. I wonder if FMJ was the origin of steers/queers Texas joke?
last one was the best
I never enlisted. So I have to remind myself that the insults and hazings in the military are used to toughen up soldiers for the emotional hardships of battle.
Then you must not like Ben Stein, because they both have a similar style of humor IMO.
#5. That's why Dustin Hoffman was the Boss of his day, and the producer was smart to keep it in.
They are all great, love them.
lmfao, i love john malkovich getting hit in the head 
The font is a little hard to read.
How colorful.
Bill "Unfunny" Murray sucks ass.
the dark knight bit the explosion was supposed to be all at once but it didnt work. 
No "Biggus Dickus"? Monty Python shafted.
Leave the gun, take the canoli 
Recruits used to get the crap kicked out of them...until drill instructors were stopped from putting their hands on them. Then it was just a lot of yelling insults and exercising. And I was witness to a "blanket party" during boot camp back in the 80's. Not sure if they still go on or not. 
R. Lee Ermy is the MAN! 
That entire Masters scene with Bill Murray was improvised.
It's a long way from "not in the script" and to "improvised", though. Doubt "Like tears in the rain" was spontaneously figured out on the set. While the Usual Suspects part in the film probably would be the best take out of several attempts where they were told to improvise..
Best thing ever. The last one is still my favorite 
heres looking at you kid.
Where's stu's song from the hangover 1
aye .. its a testament that directors should really give their actors a little wiggle room to be creative..
.. but there aren't 25...
jerking a dude off while you assfuck him
Google it
So really wat the heck is a reach around!?
not 40 year old virgin; knocked up 
I didn't imply YOU were adolescent, did I? I was merely saying that most people know what certain things are by the time they grow out of that stage (I know I put ALL, that was my mistake). And yes, I called you "kid" because to me, your typing made you seem as such and I'm not going to pull a stalker maneuver by asking your age outright. That's just rude. Now that you're showing a bit more maturity, I'll stop calling you a kid though. Are we good now? :-)
you are lying!
1:29 Bill Paxton's best line
according to my dad it was spot on for Vietnam and from my experience... nothing has changed. excellent movie
Was bootcamp really like what is portrayed?
Way to seem witty by re-using 80% of my comment, kid. -.- I don't see anything in either this comment or the previous one that could be read as hostile, by the way. Maybe I should have made another post as a disclaimer to make it painfully obvious that I was just making a statement...Anyway, one doesn't have to be homosexual to know what a reach-around is. The actor who used that line isn't gay, but he knew what it is. Just telling you.
No one else on this video has asked what a reach around is... just u
No, its not called being strait, its called being a dumbass who probly never leaves his room and will die a virgin due to his raging sexual ignorance. I bet u dont even know what a blowjob is (god save u if im right)
Did you even WATCH the video? 3:29.
Everyone whose balls have dropped or who has had a period knows what a "reach around" is... Sorry... you are definitely the minority here.
Everyone whose balls have dropped or who has had a period knows what a "reach around" is... Sorry... you are definitely the minority here.
You should have included the scene with Indiana Jones shooting the dude with the scimitar!
Eskimo pussy is mighty cold
you didnt include star wars episode 5 you FUCK.... Leia: I love you... Han Solo: I Know....
Read it.
Batman lol :)
Awesome!!!!
I know about it, as well as anyone who's past adolescence. Also, if you pay attention to how he used the term, I would think something would click in that brain of yours and tell you, "hey, since he's talking about sex, maybe he means reaching around to the front to help finish the guy off". It's called common sense, kid.
@ThaMasterSniper
That REALLY is the most annoying sound ever. lol
But I'm a zombie, so that doesn't apply to me. Dumb hoe. 
DONT READ THIS! TOMORROW WILL BE THE BEST DAY OF YOUR LIFE AND YOU WILL GET A KISS FROM THE LOVE OF YOUR LIFE. BUT IF YOU DONT POST THIS ON 10 VIDEOS IN 2 HOURS YOU WILL DIE IN 2 DAYS. NOW THAT YOUR READING THIS DONT STOP! AFTER YOU POST THIS ON 10 VIDEOS PRESS F6 AND YOU CRUSHES NAME WILL APPPEAR ON THE SCREEN. ITS FREAKY CAUSE ITS TRUE
Bruce Willis in Die Hard with yipikiyay motherfucker was improvised
Taxi Driver
Apocalypse Now ,the scene when the Martin Sheen Character has a breakdown was in fact a real breakdown that was unscripted.
Ermey is a former drill sergeant - that is why he is so believable.
I think a few of these were scripted and then had som ad lobbed elements - like hannibals sucking sound after the line delivery. But how do u know if it is really ad lib if you don't have a script?
this is a list of the greatest movies of all time 
I nearly was in tears laughing from that XD 
It's interesting that these lines weren't scripted but a lot of them went on to become the most iconic and remembered quotes of their respective movies. 
Oh that last one was just amazing XD
this video just blue my mind 
Only Steers and Queers come from Texas
"you suck dicks?" 'no sir' "Bullshit, i bet you could suck a golf ball through a garden hose"
Matt Damons story being unscripted is believable because it was the worst, most stupid part of that whole movie.
I bet that cab driver still tells people about the time he was in a movie..
number one is priceless lol
The cab was driven by a hired actor, and the production team filmed it to look like an ad-lib. However, Hoffman explained it differently on an installment of Bravo's Inside the Actors Studio. He stated that there were many takes to hit that traffic light just right so they didn't have to pause while walking. That take, the timing was perfect and the cab came out of nowhere and nearly hit them. Hoffman wanted to say "We're filming a movie here!", but he decided not to ruin the take.
It says that in the annotation 
Actually, the explosives malfunctioned on The Dark Knight, and Heath Ledger improvised the little "WTF man" moment.
the no 1 spot is wrong, r.lee ermy got the role be being the tech adviser for the guy who actually got the role, and when going in to show how the role should be played he had already rehearsed the script and knew it off by heart, and the whole scene was filmed in one shot, after that kubric realized that this was the man for the job and hired him on the spot....true story look up how he got that part in the movie
I thought it was were going to need a bigger boat.
Eastsidaz come out and play Eastsidaz come out and play
MTI's qoute that movie to no end...yet everything in it is A) made up on the spot or B) something some other Drill seargent had already said to some poor pants leaking trainee. 
Didn't know that Warriors scene was improvised!
one might even say it was improvised 
That sneeze looked planned, might not have been scripted but it was not a real sneeze either.
Sure it is ;)
R. Lee Ermy doesn't need a script to be a drill instructor. He was slapping recruits around long before Full Metal Jacket was even thought of. 
Thats common knowledge.. 
What about the 'I got a jar of dirt' scene from Pirates of the Caribbean Dead Man's Chest?
Actually that's a line from "They Live" (1988)
Awesome!! Great collection. Thanks!
Wait, so if all these moments are unscripted and they are all my favorite moments... Does that mean most scriptwriters in Hollywood aren't good and we should just let actors act??
No, it was originally from They Live.
That was Duke Nukem 3D - a game, not a film.
'Lost... like tears in the rain" Thats profound as shit
I love Full Metal Jacket mostly because of R. Lee Emery
That's probably because he actually was a drill instructor.
In The Usual Suspects, the laughter was genuine too. One of the actors was farting throughout the entire scene. I forget which one, I'll have to look it up again. 
In The Usual Suspects, the laughter was genuine too. One of the actors was farting throughout the entire scene. I forget which one, I'll have to look it up again. 
matt damon is awesome at improv
hhhhhhhhhhheeeeeeeeeeeeeeerrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrreeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeessssssssssssssssss johnny! 
Save the best for last!!!
I think R. Lee. Ermey was probably the world's greatest drill sergeant actor.
I think that Saddam Hussein's final film was the best unscripted scene of all time. I mean, the part where he was on the rope, just looking at everyone, just hilarious!
Where's "I have come here to kick ass and chew bubble gum, and I'm all out of bubble gum,"?
anyone that's ever read The Short Timers, from which FMJ is based, knows that almost all of Ermey's lines are taken verbatim from the book. Ermey and many others keep that falsehood alive, disrespecting the memory and great writing of Gustav Hasford (RIP)
That's because that "your gay" scene is in Knocked Up. The 40 year old virgin one is when they play video games if I'm no mistaken. either way two amazingly funny scenes with those two haha
my fav is the last one from Full Metal Jacket﻿
Won't let me paste the link but just search this: The Dark Knight - Deleted Scene (with The Joker)
I havent seen it. where is it at? 
while a person is having anal sex with you the reach around and give you a... handjob
"like tears in the rain" =D
Being blunt, a wank from behind. 
In the extras there's a deleted bit in the bus where he doesn't even glance at the building exploding behind him.. 
What's a reach around?
Improv'd or Improvised.. please not "Improved" :P
yes
WTF?? ive watched 40 year old virgin a million times an they never do the "your gay" thing in a car ahaha
What? No Biggus Dickus?
lol spelt the Shining as the Shinning - either a simpsons reference or fail
The "tears in the rain" line is so beautiful, I cannot believe it was unscripted!
HEARS JONNY! LMAO XD
I noticed that while I was watching it. He was bleeding pretty badly, but I didn't know that it was real.
You forgot one of the all-time best ad-libs, Marty Feldman adding "Certainly. You take the blonde, I'll take the one in the turban." to Gene Wilder's command "Igor, get the bags" in Young Frankenstein.
The best imo.
"Leave the gun, grab the cannoli." ??? Some of this is far fetched obviously
5:53 DO YOU SUCK DICKS?? LMAO 
Ermey is as scary as Chris Walken.
the fact that the FMJ scene is unscripted blew my mind
Great you put Blade Runner/Rutger Hauer in. The guy scared the shit out of the audience for 99 percent of the movie and then with the ending dialogue he turned it round - Brilliant.
also Viggo in Lotr the two towers with the broken toes
The Robert De Niro line "you talking to me" was just stolen from an episode of The Twilight Zone. The character in the Twilight Zone was also talking to a mirror, also had a NY accent & also repeated the question, so it's not a coincidence.
Well he was a U.S. Marine! He probably recycled some lines from there lol
Matt Damon is so damn cute. I want to eat him. lol
I agree. He even wiped some of his real blood on one of his co-star's faces. 
'Was'
yes im mocking him for quoting from the video, i no what film its from even without actually seeing FMJ
wow all these famous lines were improvsions? 
full metal jacket quote, the last clip.
wow, Heath Ledger is AMAZING
wow did we watch the same video?
that star wars one was the worst one he says two things and to be honest he might of well not said it, shoulda said, i love me too that would have been better
Bill Murray (as Big Ern McCracken) in Kingpin saying "Hi. Not you. Hi." while at the diner deserves to be on this list (which would make three appearances for Murray).
Gunney Ermey is my hero
Not the best improvised part of JAWS.... 
I bet you're the kind of guy who would fuck a person in the ass and not even have the goddamn common courtesy to give him a reach-around.
Well, he was a Gunnery Sergeant in the Marines.
Well, he was a Gunnery Sergeant in the Marines.
22 is knocked up not 40 year old virgin 
"Your gonna need a bigger boat" was UNSCRIPTED OMG MY MIND IS BLOWN! one of the most famous lines in acting, and it was unscripted; thats a legend right there. Also did you know Johnny Depp and him singing "I got a jar of dirt, I got a jar of dirt" was unscripted?
R.Lee Emery MADE that movie what it is imo. 
Didn't know Heath Ledger improved at that scene. yet another reason why he was a fantastic joker.
Yeah, I remember that. He had the squirts.
Where´s Good fellas???
You Hollywood does lot of mistakes,But in our bollywood we Hindoo's never had any mistakes,I am proud to be a Hindu, Long live.....Shiv Sena
some of the scenes here could not have been not scripted
Annie Hall science is not unscripted 
I quite enjoyed watching that. Well done! Thank you... :)
Where is the clip from Alien? It needs to be in here
I've got that entire clip shown, as a ringtone. Lol
22 is actually knocked up
faggot!
Here's Johnny
I'm from Texas.....
You came? O_o
Harry potter and the Chamber of Secrets line "don't worry, i will be"
So that's why the joker twitched quite a bit after the explosion LMAO
You're fucking kidding me right? GO watch that masterpiece of a movie and then come back and apologize.
its all good haha
great with the best for last! well done :)
so... check out my channel maybe?
And not have the god dam curdasey to give him a god damn reach around
wow, bad acting on both guys in the "give me the keys" scene
no
SHOULDA HAD EMINEMS RAP BATTLES FROM 8 MILE IN HERE SINCE ALL OF HIS LINES WERE FREESTYLES.
Where's the poodle joke from "The Breakfast Club"?
1:11 Actually, the explosion stopping was a malfunction, it was supposed to keep going.
Just so you all know, R. Lee Ermey was actually a Drill Instructor. He was there to inspire the original actor for the movie but they eventually told him to just do it because it would be a more realistic vibe. So he talked exactly like he would have at Boot Camp. Many DI's at Parris Island actually still quote the things he has said.
Dustin Hoffman. WIN
Its funny seeing how some of the greatest moments and lines in movie history were never even intended.
It's Michael Madsen - v/simple Google search to spell his last name correctly
Fantastic. 
Where was the pep talk scene in Wonderlust? XD 
All those were awesome! But nothing from Animal House? Half that movie was great improv! :-) 
HA HA REACHAROUND! HA HA!
What about Good Morning Vietnam?
Isnt Rutger Hauer looks like Sorrow from MGS3 at 4:13
0:36 #22 is incorrectly listed as '40 Year Old Virgin'. That is actually a scene from 'Knocked Up' where they're heading to Vegas to eat shrooms.
Oh wow, so these scenes were never actually meant to exist?? I respect these actors much more now.
Where's Indiana Jones?
He meant that he shoots a guy holding a scimitar, if you didn't know that.
Robin williams could improve an entire movie.
Gunny Ermy basically told the director, "You want me to do this, you'll let me just do my job." And then he went and did it.
I'll be watching you!
Oh, as I go on I see a lot of them are just ad-libs.
Oh, as I go on I see a lot of them are just ad-libs.
Was the Usual Suspects not just that they were all laughing? If so that doesn't mean it was unscripted..
I stand corrected. My apologies :)
um no its not dude look it up 
I heard almost the exact same speech at Parris Island in 1969...
is that jim belushi at 1:39? 
Dumb & Dumber: WE LANDED ON THE MOON
excellent!!
GAME OVER MAN!
That wasn't improvised on the spot, Harrison Ford actually suggested the change before they started recording and they changed it in the script last minute.
That guy in the warriors movie will never get anywhere in hollywood..lol jk
I find it hard to believe all these scenes were unscripted......my comment, however, was definitely unscripted.
In the novel.
Actually, the scene form Silence of the Lambs was in the novel, lisp and all, just the anal-retentive intellectual he was, Hopkins said Chianti instead of the scripted Amarone due to knowledge of the red meat=red wine rule.
# 24: I read the novel, "Short-Timers", before that movie existed; pretty sure, and I always thought that that opening scene in , (Full Metal Jacket), was a direct rip-off of that author; so much so that I thought that the whole thing fell apart after that boot-camp sequence. I couldn't imagine how they had thrown out the rest of what's a far better story as they had done Chapter 1, "The Spirit Of The Bayonet"; so well. A veteran of that war handed me the book to read; endorsing its feel.
Kubrick is film god 
@SLYR237 You spelt damn wrong. What you spelt is like a beavers dam or water dam. lol
Why did they have "I can walk" and not George C. Scott tripping over the stairs?
what about "frankly my dear, I don't give a dam"?
this is very true
What about Gollum singing in the forbidden pool. In LOTR TT
In Indiana Jones and the Raiders of the Lost Arc, there was suppost to be a fight sceen with Indy and the sword guy when the crowd parted, but Harrison Ford was sick and wanted to get out of the sun, so he shot the guy instead.
I busted a nut watching the D.I. saying you don't have the common courtesy for a reach around ROTFLMAO
please dont call a marine DRILL INSTRUCTOR a drill sargent... theres a big difference between the army and marines
R. Lee Ermey. Greatest Drill Sargent Ever.
"It's in the hole!" Wow. Genius improv there. 
Good Moring Vienam!! ~Robin Williams 
Disappointed that Robin Williams didn't make it in for Good Morning Vietnam.
Ok. See, I'd been informed differently, so I got to learn something new. Thanks!
FMJ scene absolutely classic. Go to my page and check out my films.
4:03 cracks me up every time. 
scene*
Nope, he's actually correct. Seth Rogan was the star of Knocked Up alongside Katherine Heigl. This particular seen is when they Seth and Paul are driving to Vegas and have some shrooms.
aw you excluded the Dumb and Dumber "We landed on the moon" line! Jim Carrey is a legend.
Carefully.
Bill Murray is not improvising he's just being himself
40 Year old Virgin they do the same routine but they are playing video games not driving
*where's
hey, where "i gotta a jar of dirt" from the pirates of the carribean? that was completely unscripted, not to mention hilarious!! XD
SCUMBAG STEVE
Skip Ad >>
Magic 
also the scene from LotR where the Uruk-hai throws the dagger at Aragorn and he deflects it was all unscripted
Um no you are incorrect. That is indeed the 40 yr old virgin.
Ya that's pretty much it :)
You find somebody with a scimitar, and you shoot them.
The Indy scene is great, but it wasn't improvised. Harrison Ford came up with the idea during practice shoots and suggested it to Spielberg. So, while the shooting of the bad guy was Ford's idea, it isn't improvisation because it ultimately became part of the script and was not done on the spot. Improvisation takes place in real time.
I take it the last scene was before "don't ask don't tell."
#5 and #3 were both used in Back to the Future (parts 2/3)
#5 and #3 were both used in Back to the Future (parts 2/3)
The Full Metal Jacket scenes with R Lee Ermey were most certainly scripted. As a matter of fact, Ermey looked over the original script by Kubrick and basically rewrote much of his dialogue. He tested it with Kubrick, of course, but Kubrick agreed with most of it. 
lol 22. is knocked up not the 40 year old virgin 
we all cried a lil at that scene 
,,,,kill yourself.
Unscripted my ass..
The entire like tears in rain speech is definitely one of my favorite parts of any movie. Just connects with me existentially, emotionally. 
i think the best unscripted scene is in ORANGE COUNTRY movie. its when the dog bites her in the face and doesnt flap out. she stays on character and carry the dog. i think what she did is professional. staying in character try it on youtube. /watch?v=nBrKhv45XXw
BILL MURRAY AND ROBIN WILLIAMS_ THE BEST!
Amazing collection and great annotations. Thank you.
What about the scene in American Beauty where Kevin Spacey throws the plate at the wall during their dinner. He did that scene so he could get a priceless look from the two actress's
its silence of the lambs
" - I love you - I know " Genius!
"The Shinning" was a parody of "The Shining " on The Simpsons.
how does one shoot somebody with a scimitar?
I remember watching "The Warriors" when I was like 6 or 7 and being scared shitless in such an awesome way lol
i'll be watching you. 
yeah thats about right except the "i know" line was thought up of by a coffee boy, and when they couldnt get it right after trying so many times thats when he presented his idea to Lucas.
"do you suck dicks?" 
im not convinced 
"The Shining", not "The Shinning". I know, I know, it doesn't really matter, but it's been driving me nuts.
eleven. whatever, fuck.
All of Spinal Tap Breakfast Club "taped his buns together" scene
thx, sis
i remember dat.....dats how he got da part... 
right on the spot xD
You didn't do the "I've got a jar of di-irt, I've got a jar of di-irt" scene from Pirates of the Caribbean. 
You said "how could it not" i said of course it was... I was agreeing with you just so you know
I know should be #1
3:55 AHHAHAHAHAHAHAH
I thought I read that after R. Lee sent him the tape Kubrick still wasn't sure about getting him on board until Lee barked a order and a couple insults at him and Kubrick stood straight up and obeyed. I thought that was actually cool. Lol
@PanterausfG
Great scene, but it wasn't really "unscripted", they just decided to change how the scene was going to go due to Harrison Ford getting sick.
If you are able to multi-task by reading the annotations in the bottom right corner and watch the scenes you'll note that the "sound" Jim Carrey makes is improvised not the scene. It's not total bullshit; you're clearly stuck in a fantasy world where movies aren't made up of regular people acting...which stems from improv and character sketches. PS I like the last one the most. 
They probably decided to take the closer shot AFTER the improv in the wide shot... ?
#22 is not 40 year old virgin, its a scene from knocked up. however the whole "u know how i know your gay" thing is originally from the 40 year old virgin scene when they are playing video games. - judd apatow fan
This is total bullshit. These lines/scenes were not improvised. Please tell me how scenes that have multiple edits are improvised? For instance: Dumb and Dumber, there's a cut from a wide shot to a close up on the fat guy while Carrey is still yelling. Uh .... yeah. When you have a cut, it's more than one shot, hence - not improvised.
who has the common courtesy of a reach around ?
I wonder if that tape still exists somewhere.
number nine was NOT star wars
BLADERUNNER <3
Man those annotations are annoying.
I don't get Matt Damon, he's a bit wooden. Now Heath Ledger there was an actor, pity. 
Also in Usual Suspects, someone farted and they all laughed.
Robert Emery is a complete fucking genius. I almost pissed my pants laughing when i saw that scene. I was amazed when i found it wasnt scripted. Best improv EVER!!!
Dustin Hoffman's scene is a little annoying since he loses his accent.
What about the scene from "Animal House" where John Belushi destroys the guitar? I thought that was unscripted.
only steers and queers come from texas! 
saving private ryan and full metal jacket were the two best movies 
saving private ryan and full metal jacket were the two best movies 
YEP HE SURE IS
you cant say what actor is the "best" because it's totally based on the rolls they are given. I hate matt damon though
nigga u mad
The sarge was really good....yeah I think there's a beauty behind these improvisations.
4:48 That song has had that connotation for me ever since I saw that movie.
Still hate Matt Damon at Saving Private Ryan. :/
Really? I heard the line was actually "I love you to", but after shooting it several times, they just couldn't get the mood right. So in the last try of the day, Ford said "I know", because he had heard Carrie Fisher say the line so many times by then. In the end Kershner and Lucas found Ford's line much more in character for Han Solo, and decided to use it instead of the scripted line.
yes
Full Metal Jacket was a fantastic movie. I love the Corp! However, Casablanca is one of the greatest movies of all time it deserved to be higher the number 9. "Here's looking at you kid" is and has been one of the most quoted movie lines of all times. To clear up some confusion, NEVER call a Marine Corp Drill Instructor a Drill Sergeant. That's the Army. I had Drill Instructors my Dad had Drill Sergeants. You'll get your ass kicked for that.
You didn't do the Indiana Jones scene where Indy shoots the guy with the scimitar...
Aydee, the joy of these improvs is that they were either too fast to be stopped and turned out to be workable in the film in question (and, indeed, worked in the films in question), or were arranged in advance in the case of our "lovable" drill sgt. who was improvising every chewout once he impressed Stanley Kubrick enough to hire him.
Full metal jacket. love that scene with the drill Sergent lol. 
I said how could this NOT be a matter of opinion.
@nickstoli
22 was not 40 year of virgin!!! (it was knocked up)
Thanks for the upload! Great stuff!
the moment from "saving private Ryan" allways cracks me up, seemet too real to be fake...it seems it was.
pfft, screenshots or didn't happen.
I wonder how the director didn't cut all these scene during the shooting. didn't they realise that "hey that wasn't in the script!"
most of casablanca was heavly imprvised, the set for example where mostly indoors, because people where restircted to film outside due to the pearl harbor attack. and the orignal main male character turned down the position, so they replaced him, but humphery Bogart was shorter than ingrid bergman so he had to stand on boxes. 
I was literally just watching Full Metal Jacket the other night (not one of the usual things on TV) and at times it did seem like the whole scene at the beginning might have been unscripted, but it flowed so well that I couldn't tell, this just confirms it, such awesomeness :D
My avatar is more Sith than yours.
seems like maybe they should do more improvising & less writing.
via: http://thecampussocialite.com/the-25-greatest-unscripted-scenes-in-film-video"Some of the greatest lines and scenes in movies are the ones where the actor was just really feeling the part and went with his gut."﻿
yeah, Ford was sick with the flu or something and he was basically like, oh screw it.BANG! It worked!
I cant believe that some of my favorite lines were improvised! Awesome!
Stephen BaldWIN
Correction, in the Joker scene, the explosions stopping was actually an accident, only Ledger's improvisation made the scene viable to air and avoided a whole other set having to be constructed.
1:10 should be higher...
That sound from silence of the lambs was unscripted? that guy's GOOD
I'll say this in advance....... R. Lee Ermey is the shit! However, it's not like he hadn't been shouting this sort of thing to recruits for years. He wasn't even going to play the Drill Sgt. He was hired as a consultant and he told Stanley Kubrick right up front that the parts written for the drill sergeant were shit and that he should hire him to play the part instead. Kubrick said no so Ermey sent him a tape of him at his best..... kubrick changed his mind. Good choice Stan!
Actually, that scene was improvised in Indiana Jones. There was supposed to be a long fight scene, but they thought Ford just shooting the guy instead was hilarious
Thumbs up for 2:00
clearly it was opinion the scene from the 2nd pirates of the Carribean when he walks on deck with the jar of sand isnt here
The original line for Han solo was to say "I love you" back Harrison ford made the change because he felt it was out of character for Han and made the change himself
Dennis Hopper was imfamous for improvising lines...2 of his that should be included are his "Me?Wrong!" rant to Marty Sheen in APOCALYPSE NOW, and his rant about Sicilians being of mixed racial heritage to Chris Walken in TRUE ROMANCE...
Dinero has made it VERY clear that he will NEVER say that line again. He's so sick of it. 
where is animal house? 
i love the saving private ryan story!
r. lee ermy FTW 
How could it not be a matter of opinion?
This was DEFF a matter of opinion....Kristian Wigs drunken rant on the plane in Bridesmaids wasn't even on here....LAME!
Did you even watch the video? Do you even understand what "improvised" means?
It is on the list. Also, you don't improvise shooting someone in the chest.
means the actors just said it with out beeing told and it sounded good so they kept it in the filming
How is Harrison Ford's "I know" not on this list? That should be #2, not to mention his shooting the swordsman in Raiders.
what does improvised mean?
This was an excellent video. Thanks for posting it and thanks for the warning to keep the watsits on. I usually turn them off right away.
This was an excellent video. Thanks for posting it and thanks for the warning to keep the watsits on. I usually turn them off right away.
A lot of improvised scenes are actually redone. i.e. the improvisation happens but another part of the scene has to be done over so they cut, director sez that was great say that again in the next take. Or some, like Heath Ledger's jump and run are too perfect to change. Others are pretty obviously do-overs - like Woody Allan's fake sneeze. The man couldn't act his way out of a paper bag.
The tears in the rain line may not be in the script but it appears in the original Andy K. Dick story that inspired the film. Guess that's what they call research. 
It's funny to see that some of the most famous lines in movies were unscripted.
Warriors come out to Play
leave the gun take the kanolis id go for that kanolis taste better than anything on earth
Usually, I watch these types of lists and the choices are so limited and dumb. This, however, is a high-quality list worth reposting.
r lee ermey was and still is totally awesome!
I've read there was a similar scripted line but there were several takes where Rutger Hauer ad-libbed it from memory, making changes each time.
number 9, the star wars scene, a coffee boy actually presented that idea to george lucas
I doubt the improvisational claim of some of those scenes, especially Blade Runner.
Full Metal Jacket.. was the best laugh iv had today! LOL
And R.Lee.Ermey is a god of improvisation.
Michael Madsen is the king 
I totally called that one! All my friends doubted me but I knew! 
No pirates of the Caribbean 2 I've got a jar of dirt scene?
22 is knocked up
ya the detinator was really not working but nolan just kept rolling and jokers reaction was heaths reaction
Very nice job :)
ledgers reaction was unscripted
Look for the one edited with Justin Bieber and R. Lee Ermey its fucking hilarious. 
unscripted means not on purpose
DO YOU SUCK DICKS
@kenny johnson AMEN Brother Marine are The Best and Usually the funniest
R Lee Ermey is actually a Marine, and a former drill instructor so that part was just second nature to him. Lol 
Huh?
R.LEE.ERMEY 2016!!
via +Karen Schumacher ﻿
They didn't say that.
improvisation is done on the spot, aka spontaneous, not rehearsed. Most of these scenes were actually added to the script, as there was a feeling by the actors or other staff on the script doesn't do the film justice. While there are scenes where the actors are actually told to improvise, which those are far and inbetween.
More recently, Leonardo DiCaprio's accident while filming the dinner scene in the movie, Django: Unchained, turned into a glorious performance. When DiCaprio strikes the table top, he, accidentally, breaks a glass which results in a deep laceration on his left hand. Instead of screaming out in pain, he continues the scene and, actually, uses the misfortune to his advantage. He uses his bloody hand to portray dominance over one of his slaves by smearing his blood on her face. It was brilliant. 
wait... the second explosion in dark night wasn't on purpose!?!?
Thanks, I appreciate it. 
Super video!
"Moment's will be lost in time, like tears in rain." beautiful.
Most of these lines are improvised but not spontaneous. For example, Deniro wrote and rehearsed the whole "you talkin to me" scene, which is not in Paul Schrader's script, and then read it before the camera.
"can I have a kiss" from Fear and Loathing was also improvised.
How exactly do scenes like these make it in to the final cut? Is it spontaneously improvised? Do the directors just watch it unfold? Do the actors just have the extreme self-discipline to not break character until they hear "Cut"? Or is it just presented to everyone before they start filming?
I thought the scene in "Pretty Woman" when Richard Gere snaps the jewelry box lid on Julia Roberts' fingers was improvised, too. They both looked surprised in the scene. 
fmj was an awesome movie. Ermey played the drill sergeant perfectly
Another partly improvised scene is in Lord of the Rings: The two Towers The scene where Gimli finds one of the Hobbit's belts in the pile of burnt Uruk-Hai bodies and Aragorn kicks a helmet towards the camera before falling on his knees screaming in despair- The actor broke one of his toes during the kick and channeled the actual pain into his role. It was the third take and the Helmet coincidentally flew exactly where Peter Jackson wanted it, the scream was found outstanding. 
that's why Heath Ledger was a boss. when i found out he had died, i was sooo sad. 
#23, #10, #7, #3, and #1 are some of my favorite movie scenes
Last one was the fucking best
I had no idea the delayed explosion in the Dark Knight was unscripted lol
I think that midnight cowboy should've been no.1
The scene with the Joker wasn't scripted at all. There was an issue with the explosion and it stopped, but Heath stayed in character and Nolan encouraged the crew to keep filming. Originally Heath was just supposed to get into the bus and drive off while the explosions continued. There was never supposed to be a stop in the explosion. 
give me the keys you fucking cock sucker
I had the honor of meeting R. Lee Ermey when I was stationed onboard the USS Nimitz during Gulf War II. He's shorter than I expected, but was cool as shit. Real down to earth kinda guy. Started watching his show Mail Call when it was on the air.....was very informative. 
I had the honor of meeting R. Lee Ermey when I was stationed onboard the USS Nimitz during Gulf War II. He's shorter than I expected, but was cool as shit. Real down to earth kinda guy. Started watching his show Mail Call when it was on the air.....was very informative. 
Julia Roberts pretty woman when Richard Gere closes the box on her fingers and she laughs was a classic moment, also in django which recently came out leo's hand bleeding in that scene wasn't supposed to happen and he actually cut himself. 
"I bet you're the kind of guy to fuck a person in the ass, and not have the god damned common courtesy to give him a reach around." Best improv line in history.
Dude, when R. Lee. Ermey dies, the angels in Heaven will be lining up about face at the gates. 
If it wasnt for those annotations i wouldnt have known all these scenes where improvised!
Heath Ledger is the best.
Dude its knocked up not 40 year old v
i know its small but i kinda wish capt jack sparrow was in this
rip heath ledger for making the greatest batman movie ever.
You missed the Telephone Booth scene in Rain Main where Ray farts!
soooooo...... no reach around? (jk)
Tell that whole "isn't really an actor" thing to him kissing Jack Black in Saving Silverman. That movie is the tits.
chicken in a biscuit.
fuck off
I never knew any of these scenes were improv... kinda goes to show the great actors, huh?
2 movies
Hahahaha!!!! I can't stop laughing!
R. Lee Emery is no surprise at no.1... he was not a gunny when he was in but did such great things after his medical discharged that he was honorably promoted by USMC from staff to gunny. Considering that whole opening sequence was improvised (he was a consultant and ended up with the role) that was pure genius.
dark knight beats them all :D
22. Isn't 40 Year Old Virgin, it's Knocked Up! 
R. Lee Emery hands down. His unscripted dialogue went on for close to 5 minutes after that scene. Unbelievable! 
was this really dark video for everyone else or i'm just a luck duck
Actually I can't, because I don't know how. But you can look it up on the site.
So... one of the most iconic lines ever.... "You're gonna need a bigger boat" was an improv? wow...
"like tears in the rain" dude, you're so deep
i wonder if it was in the script for malcolm mcDowell to slap the shit out of that lady, or if he was just having too much fun.
Am I the only one who thinks that the "Annoying Noise" sounds like a zombie from Half Life 2?
THIS
Warriorrrrrs...
No, *what
R. Lee Ermey is one of the best military actors ever. He will be missed when he is gone.
R. Lee Ermey is a fuckin' boss.
Well unscripted scenes are usually meticulously directed. So what they say isn't scripted, but exactly what they're motives, thoughts, actions and the dynamic is really well thought out. So they're usually awesome if the actors are good!
Thanks! i watched it like 3 years ago and didnt remember much but that scene lol :)
Whose line is it anyway? Stupid iPad
Whose
wouldn't even give him a reach around... that bastard 
I don't know, "but" I've been told,...
for some people it is, for others it isn't, for me it's fucking impossible, and learning stuff is easy.
Good job... lots of laughs 
LOL !
GIVE ME THE KeYS YOU FUCKING COCKSUCKER MOTHERFUCKER
Christian Bale's performance in that film was the real masterpiece: thoughtful, mute and still very expressive. The same goes with The Fighter: Christian Bale got the Oscar (for a loud, colorful, whacky part), while it was really Wahlberg's charakter that grounded the film. So please, go educate yourself, because right now you are just a monkey that is repeating what the mass is preaching.
I disagree.Heath Ledger's best role was in Monster's Ball.It's no art to play The Joker, it's a loud, colorful, bigger-than-life character. These parts always get the most reaction, just because they attract attention, no matter if they are called Loki, Jack Sparrow or Joker.
I was waiting the entire video for the Jar of Dirt scene from PoTC it didn't happen :c
where is the proof that they are unscripted? 
LOL the reach around.
Isnt 22 ' Knocked Up' :L
Great list 
Great list 
"Do you suck dicks?"
Clockwork Orange looks so messed up. I have to watch it sometime. I've heard things...good things.
Obviously Kevin Spacey did it...
The Usual Suspects I think.
The explosion stopping was scripted but he was supposed to just get on the bus and it drive away, Heath Ledger is an amzing actor and a genius when it comes to the Joker, so the director would have to be a dumb shit to not add something that he does to the film, and that scene is beautiful so of course he added it, learn your facts before you talk shit.
what movie is the "give me the motherfuckin keys" part?
﻿
Dude, he improved his reaction. No, he wasn't supposed to just look at the clouds. It was probably scripted for him to react to the explosion stopping, so he did while staying in character. 
Did Ledger come up with it by himself? Sure! Did he tell his idea to Chris Nolan before? Most certainly! Did he improvise it on the spot, WHILE they were shooting? No way Jose
Sure, I get that, but again, in my experience, improvisation on camera, even more so within scenes with special effects involved is not common. They are highly expensive, and you can't have the risk of the actor doing something stupid while filming an explosion in the background. Plus, Chris Nolan is known to be a perfectionist, and insisting on the actors delivering what he wrote in the script. 
Ok, can you post the link pls.
i don't know what i've been told, eskimo pussy is might cold 
how about in raider of the lost ark when Indy shoots that swordman dressed in black?
I just checked, and I did find out that Heath was supposed to react to the explosion delay. But ONLY for about a second then go back to the bus. To add to that, there was also a shot that never made it to the final film, and it had the Joker on the bus and ONLY THEN did the hospital start exploding again. Check it up. 
#6 the best 
The story about that scene being improvised is very well known. Even if its not true its not like they just made it up in this video.
No sorry, that is not possible. As you can see, the camera-crane-movement was perfectly timed to match both the explosion AND Heath's actions. If he would have just walked to the bus, the delay in the explosions would make no sense.We would just see the buildings, nothing, then boom, then camera moves to the bus that drives away?? Makes no sense to me
Yeah that part was good too. I was watching that film just earlier, Viggo Mortensen's a mint actor.
Warrioooors come out to playeeeeeeeeeeey hahaha.
Hmm, I thought about it as greatest, unscripted, but well, I guess you're right ;)
dumb and dumber, the godfather, and full metal jacket are all classics!
2:35 WTF?
How about The Breakfast Club when Judd Nelson is saying that joke while crawling through the ceiling? The one where the punchline is never finished because he fell through?
shut up, no one cares
"Hand me the keys, Ya Cock sucka."
Funny how so many of the most iconic improvised moments came from films by the famously controlling Stanley Kubrick.
Hoffman and De Niro had memorable, instantaneous and inspired ad libs reflected in these takes and these contributions have stood the test of time as iconic. Actors Studio.
You forgot 2 great ones! The entire "I'm 18 now" speech given by Matthew Lillard in SLC Punk is entirely unscripted, as is the whole consumerism conversation between Pitt & Norton in Fight Club. TOP 2!
why, are you from Texas?
that was the marines sir, R. Lee ermy was a combat marine not a soldier in the army, he protray's it very well do mind
In English, please? X-D
Armageddon "The US Government just asked us to save the world, are you gonna say no?"
Me love this comment long time.
I think I changed my mind about joining the army
@MRsmooth988 good thing he got sick 'cause I love that scene.
@saltypork3 no he didn't improvise. The story was Harrison came down with a mild sickness and wasn't up for the physicality of the scene. So they changed the scene so he shot him instead o fighting. I guess you could say it was improvisation, but it wasn't Harrison's himself.
Another good one was from Raiders of the Lost Ark. Harrison Ford and the guy with the giant sword were supposed to have a huge fight. Ford improvised shooting the guy instead of fighting with him.
Where's Boyz in the Hood when they was On the strip!???
Movie 13. BEST EFFIN MOVIE EVER! 
Which made it easier for them to react that way not harder. That scene was awesome, but not because of spontaneity on the part of the actors.
5:18 dammit I FUCKING DIDNT SAY ANYTHING. fuck face.
2:33 The lord of the rings: Gollum released.
1:11 The joker is my favorite disney princess :3
The reach around thing makes me crack up everything time. FMJ is a classic.
The Woody Allan sneeze scene from Annie hall is not accidental. It was scripted in his head. My favourites in this vid are the Warriors and Clockwork orange. Most of these are improvised lines not full-scenes R. lee ermy was a drill instructure in the army before he went into acting. FMJ 2nd best war film (1st oliver stone's Platoon) in my view. 
I was honestly thinking the exact same thing...
I don't know whether it's a good, or a bad thing that I have seen all of these films.
now the question is...which movie to i put on...usual suspects, FMJ, or saving private ryan? ok being john malkovich it is then...
now the question is...which movie to i put on...usual suspects, FMJ, or saving private ryan? ok being john malkovich it is then...
You can tell the non-movie buffs who can only qute FMJ. The real movie buffs have fond memories of 90% of these quotes.
What about alien? The actors wasn't informed about what would happen in the chest burst scene...
And no Apocalypse Now? Seriously? 
You're being pretty broad with your definition of 'unscripted'. Unscripted does not mean the actors came up with these brilliant lines during the shooting. There are a couple of cases where that genuinely happened but Humphrey Bogart did NOT just blurt out "Here's looking at you, kid." while the cameras were rolling. It's fair to say the line was not in the script, though, since half of Casablanca was being rewritten constantly while it was being shot.
These improvvisations are so magic that if you think of it many of them are actually the thing that pops up in your mind when you hear the title of the movie. When you talk about "Warriors" you immediately see the "come out and play" scene in your mind, same when you talk about "ClockWork Orange" or "Full Metal Jacket". Notice also how others have the same happening in their mind when you talk about these movies.
No. Remember, these people have had the script kicking around, probably for months, and have plenty of time to think of things to riff on. Shit happens, yes, but the real geniuses are the writers, who give them the story, and the directors, who give them the leeway, and the producers, who give them them money, and...
great list :) but you left one out - the breakfast club 20 minute scene where they all sit around and talk about why they're in there and cry and everything was all improvised, and its amazing. :) x
I don't trust any man who can't quote the first half of Full Metal Jacket.
That's what I'm talking about!﻿
@ 1:30... the Aliens clips... Paxton's "game over" was good.... but Paul Riser's line, "Maybe we could build a fire, sing a couple of songs. Why don't we try that, huh?" now THAT is some funny shit .... lol
fmj and heath ledger 
The line up scene, I believe one or a few of them kept farting lol
the real geniuses are the ones busting their brains off to come up with these scenes .. aka the script writers .. it may take a year to write a script .. yet they dont get any credit for that nor any recognition
5:45 lol.
holy crap, "game over man!" was improv???
Just realized that Williams did an amazing improvised story to Matt Damon, then later in the video (and in time) we see Damon do the same to Hanks hah
PRIVATE PYLE! <3
3:53 That is not something you can script, lol
Yes it is simple, I have been rehearsing improv all of my life
Agreed... but whereas Spinal Tap is purposefully ad-libbed for the sake of comedy, these scenes were not.
2:00 
Dustin Hoffman sounded alot like Al Pacino, not saying it was Al, but it did remind me of Al.
Spinal Tap. Great comedy, most of it ad-libbed
ARE YOU A PETER PUFFER!?
You did a great job putting that together.. 
Blade Runner quote is in a Rhyme Asylum song.
blade runner should be #1
Heeeeeere's Johnny!
Do you suck dicks?!
Dustin Hoffman is The Man!
fmj....classic!
I apologize up-front for the swears... but some of these "improve" bits are the most epic moments in all of cinematic history.(I'm surprised that the True Romance's  "history of the Moors" monolog didn't make the cut)﻿
No
FMJ was the best of all time .
Dude you missed the best improv of all, the whole Indianapolis dialogue from Jaws was improv, that one took the cake.
Wow, a lot of people felt the need to tell me no. #22 is definitely a scene from knocked up. Yes, they did a similar scene in the 40 year old virgin, but they were sitting in a living room playing video games. This is them driving to Vegas...in the movie Knocked Up. 
lol..full metal jacket....:D
negative
Full Metal Jackets wins.
That hissing sound that Anthony Hopkins does as Hannibal Lector is something he did in the BBC production of Othello, which predates Silence of the Lambs by a few years.
a clockwork orange 
A clockwork orange, awesome movie!
what is the move with the people dressed in white with the im singing in the rain
Get AdBlock from the Chrome Store it's free and blocks all ads from any website. 
Lee Emery was the advisor/coach for Louis Gossett Jr for "An Officer and a Gentleman". 
never knew the most annoying sound in the world was improvised. makes me love the movie even more
Yes, they did take several takes because they wanted him to kick the helmet close to the camera. On the fifth take he broke two toes and used the pain as part of the act. ww w (dot) omg-facts (dot) co m / Celebs / In-The-Two-Towers-Aragorn-s-Scream-Of-Gr / 50864
There were a few from The Fugitive and U.S. Marshals that could have been on this list too.
25 Greatest Unscripted Scenes in Films﻿
the reason they're laughing in the usual suspects is because Benicio Del Toro farted. Seriously, that's the reason.
As long as Full Metal Jacket is number 1 I'm happy with the list. That scene is epic. Haha
maybe but emery was a real gunnery sgt and was told to ad lib as he saw fit to make it more believable 
The Drill Instructor in Full Metal Jacket was a real Drill Instructor. So he has experience.^^
It's the 40 year old virgin, damnit! 
its 40 year old virgin
Nope, it's 40 year old virgin.
Yeah but the point is that it wasn't in the script and came off the top of his head.
the "steers and queers" line is from the drill instructor in "an officer and a gentleman"... it's actually not very original when he uses it here.
You know how I know your gay... you labeled # 22 as "40 year old virgin" when its from Knocked Ip
No.....
i would have put the scene in The Graduate where Dustin Hoffman slams his head into the wall.
While not iconic, I always liked Tom Cruise's Jack Nicholson impression in 'A Few Good Men,' when late in the movie he mimics the eating breakfast 300 yards from people who are trained to kill him line. That was an improv.
I would have to add the Goodfellas scene. "You think I'm funny?".
#1 is great
SHHHHHHHH don't let the advertisers see this... 
NO in both movies they do similar scenes even referencing the other movie
It Must Be Really Annoying To Type Like This
Thanks. 
the clockwork orange thing happened in the book i believe.
the godfather scene should be higher up. 
improvisation is the easiest thing , when doing a project we learn to play the scene with script and play it totally improvised
The reaction was improvised, yes.
What about the scene in Waynes World, where Garth starts talking about bugs bunny in a skirt?
Yeah that was all improvised too
25 Greatest Unscripted Scenes in Films﻿
No Its 40 Year Old Virgin I Just Watched It Again The Other Day
#15: They were smirking and laughing because Del Toro was farting all through that scene.
.01 AWSOME
I completely agree.
'Are you a peter puffer' LOL, gets me every time
...well the cabbie's response to "I'm walkin here!" has to be the best of all time because he wasn't even an actor or an extra in the movie...
25 Greatest Unscripted Scenes in Films﻿
no it doesn't, that scene with Lee Ermey is perfect!
Good scene and all true...but I assume you're joking? All he did was kick a helmet. In fact, it wasn't even improvised. He had to keep kicking the helmet until the shot was right.
What about the scene in Rocky 1 where Micky tells Rocky if he's going to retire
many kubrick movies here
How is "Jesus wept" from Hellraiser not on here?
Isn't #22 knocked up? Not 40 year old virgin....
Also, you know that one scene in the first film of lord of the rings where Aragorn blocks the uruk-hais throwing knife during the forest scene? Yeah, apparently, the actors fingers accidentally slipped while throwing the knife, and the only reason Aragorns is still alive today is because he's just such a badass.
You should add the scene where Johnny Depp says "I've got a jar of dirt" in Pirates of the Caribbean.
hahahahahahah yeah i read that in 9GAG LMAO!
He was meant to scream. So technically it was scripted, but the take where he broke is toe was the best scream 
at home
Perhaps mentioned before here, this list is missing Apocalypse Now when Martin Sheen accidentally punches the mirror, slices open his hand, and smears it all over the place.
Thanks
It's amazing the quotes that make movies timeless are essentially all improvised. 
Where's Jim Carey?
What about bullet with the motorbike crashing 
What about bullet with the motorbike crashing 
and ill be watching u too *subcribed
And when he deflects a real knife with his sword while fighting with that Uruk-Hai 
Yeah, agreed, I've watched the entire film once, but the first half quite a few times.
no
@MonsterBaby Steve Wilson nope forty year old virgin, random moment in the movie
that was scripted
fuck off
R. Lee is the fucking best. To me the movie was basically over when his character was killed.
Isn't 22 "knocked up" and not "40 year old virgin"?
lol the Warriors scene with the bottles, my friends and I still do that with the empties when we're drinking
What about "I'll have the cream of somyunguy!" In Wayne's World
this was awesome
R. Lee Ermey isnt an actor.. He was an actually Gunnery Sergeant 
In the movie Django Unchained, Leonardo DiCaprio cut his hand on a piece of glass or a part of the skull. He just stayed in his role and used his very bloody hand as a prop.
4:20 Submachine... 7? i think? 
0:32... I KNOW THAT SOUND... THAT'S FROM THE GMOD IDIOT BOX!!!
Yes x 1000 yes
He's thinking "Fucking nailed it!".
i read that the scene in Star Trek 4 where Chekov asks for directions was unscripted-in fact, the woman who said "it's in Alameda" was a random passerby! also, in an old game called "Half Life Opposing Force", if you start the tutorial, then wait around after the sargeant tells you to go to the training course, you will hear him say "we all know what comes from Texas" to another cadet.
Caddyshack 
Then get Adblock, and you will never see them again. 
No. The actor broke his toe, but instead of stopping the scene to get medical attention he turned the pain into a frustrated outcry over having lost the hobbits.
lol, I had read somewhere that after that scene in Full Metal Jacket that Kubrick had to ask Ermey what a reach-around was because he didn't understand!
Not everything great has to be planned... ﻿
The extra in the first entry actually isnt an extra. Well, he was until he spoke. Then when it made the final film they were forced to give him the pay of a speaking role and make him eligible for a screen actors guild card. Bazinga!
Great vid.
Viggo Mortensen could have died on set if he hadn't improvised. 
What Bill Murray movie is that?
I absolutely HATE those Zoosk commercials! They're one of the MOST ANNOYING ads of all time! 
Alien...the movie you're looking for is Alien. You're right, the chest burster scene was scripted but only the guy getting bursted out of knew what was going on, no one else had a clue what to expect so their disgust and horror are real.
and then still did some of the running scenes with a broken toe. thats effort.
Cool, I did not know that. Must watch the making of again ;-).
Nah, in two towers when he kicked the helment and went arghhhhh. Peter jackson thought, oo thats powerful, but the arghhhh was improve that kicking the helmet broke his toe, but he used it while staying in character. 
The improv being the fact that he parried it away with the sword.
There's an even better improv scene in the LOTR, when Lurtz and Aragorn are fighting, Lurtz accidently throws a real knife at Viggo Mortensen, so that bit of improvisation in theory saved his life.
And when Lurtz throws the real knife at him and he deflects it :P
Great video! can you do another one with different font?
this should have included the movie (dont remember the name) where the alien exploded as it was unscripted 
I've seen this before, and can't remember if it was from here or I've shared it before. Either way, enjoy.﻿
...this really should have included Peter Sellars in one of the Pink Panther films dressed as a Chicago gangster with 3 minders in a lift. And someone farts .... 'Corpsing' doesn't come much better or longer than the result .....
real nice work! give us more
and more recently Leonardo Dicaprio cutting his hand in Django Unchained 
What does the drill sergeant in full metal jacket after he asks the private "do you suck dicks?" And "SIR, NO SIR!"
What about the trashcan scene in "It's a wonderful life" ? That was improvised when a cameraman dropped a stack of props.
Yeah, where the fuck is Aragorn?
These are great, but I must add that Will Smith has some brilliant unscripted moments ... Bad Boys "Hoo that puckered up my butthole." ... Men In Black 2 "He use to come in black, but he kept getting pulled over." I know there are more! 
Why wasn't the jar of dirt scene from Pirates of the Caribbean (I don't know which movie) in this countdown?
Brilliant.
Malcolm McDowell didn't improv singing in the Clockwork Orange rape scene, but he did choose the song "Singing in the Rain" himself because it was the only song he claimed to know all they lyrics to. The singing itself was critical to the story because later, when McDowell returns to the house as a "reformed" victim, he sings the same song while taking a bath and that triggers the memory of the husband whose wife died as a result of the rape.
Malcolm McDowell didn't improv singing in the Clockwork Orange rape scene, but he did choose the song "Singing in the Rain" himself because it was the only song he claimed to know all they lyrics to. The singing itself was critical to the story because later, when McDowell returns to the house as a "reformed" victim, he sings the same song while taking a bath and that triggers the memory of the husband whose wife died as a result of the rape.
The only time acting is at it's best is when you ain't.
lol 9gag
You left out the scene from Alien when the facehugger bursts out of John Hurst's chest.. all unscripted. Nice vid tho.
uhm it was in the book? and it was eomer that said it not theoden
what about when gandalf bump his head inside bilbo's house? and the dagger aragorn deflected instead of hitting a tree behind him?
What about the scene where Aragon kicks an orc helmet and breaks his toe?
King Theodan's speech before the battle of Minas Tirith wasn't scripted, I'm surrised that didn't make it.
Half of these scenes are fucking shithouse
WARRIORS COME OUT AND PLAY YAY was the best
the "Biggus Dickus" scene from Monty Python's The Life of Brian was pretty hilarious.
Indeed, I heard this too, Sir. In the special features, The director said it was anyway.
the tittle says "Greatest unscirpted scenes"
glad to see the ratso rizzo scene made the cut.....a classic
zapfino..... you fucking fail
That's not how you say "chianti", Hannibal. 
@MrAKJonny
Which would mostly explain why it fellates phallos.
Great... not only did I take off time from work to watch this video now I feel like going to imdb and check out all 25 of the movies and probably rent them. I'm not getting anything done today. 
On #14, the wheelchair-ridden character, "Dr. Strangelove", accidentally got out of his chair and stood up during the scene, and his improvisation after his mistake was left in the final product of this movie.
22 is not 40 year old virgin it is knocked up 
My dad said it was Charlie Co. but he's also a 58 year old alcoholic who randomly talks about random shit he did while in the Corps.
 Most of the lines in Anchorman are unscripted, makes it great
LAST ONE LMFAOOOO
The Usual Suspects scene was going to be completely different however most of the cast was trying to get Byrne to laugh, and Del Toro kept cutting 'rancid' farts. Eventually the director got so fed up with them cracking up whenever he told them to get serious he left it like it was.
What? No Biggus Dickus on this list! That should be number 2 or 1.
I've always wondered if it was hard to keep a straight face while working with Robin Williams, even in non-comedies. He could go on the most hilarious flights of fancy in half a second.
I'm not feeding the troll, nice try, newfag.
I was in 2nd Golf, class of '01. At the time our Mess was being remodeled, so we used yours & 1st's.
The Full Metal Jacket one is the best hands down ... Fuckin love that movie ..Classic!!
He's right.
Yea, that's when they are going to Vegas or wherever where they take Shrooms right? I Know it's not 40 year old virgin, but I'm not 100% if it's Knocked Up, I'm pretty sure that's it though, again i just remember that;s when they take shrooms so whichever movie that is
Faggots love being marines they're so tidy.
I'm surprised you didn't have the scene from Apocalypse Now,...when Martin Sheen was dancing & weirding out in front of the mirror & then punches it & cuts his hand. That was Sheen actually having a genuine, nervous breakdown. I doubt if anything like that has ever been captured on film & then intentionally left in such a notable & big budget movie.
Me and my brother used to play PlayStation Two's game The Warriors all the time. Its so awesome lol
Thanks for this. I never would have looked this stuff up on my own. I love many of these films & I had no idea that those parts were unscripted. It's interesting how some of the greatest scenes in movie history were unscripted.
Incorrect you are.
2:29 "KLLLEEEEERS! COME OUT TO PLAAAAAAAAAEEEEEEEE!" What a horrible game that was...
Rah! GySgt Ermey was also only a SSgt, but after getting out got meritorious/honorary GySgt. One thing ive always wondered though, if there are any old Corps Marines who know if those are his actual ribbons of the time? 
that game over man was in the snes aliens game on the game over screan with the alien looking at the player 
So the whole thing with his reactions, which looked so real, actually were. Amazing actor, amazing.
awww you missed out the two pimps from How High. the scene when they are driving along was all improvised. and its funny as fuck :)
You forget Star wars ESB, "Luke, I am your father" was unscripted, even the cast didn't know about the true scene until it was acted out by mark hamill and david prowse
And lets not forget, basically all of MASH (the movie) was improvised
How exactly did a link to a British article with a link to the study become a "link to a video playlist of a another nitwit like you." I mean you do realize if you're trying to deceive people they can just copy and paste it right? That or you mixed something up so I'll post the link again: is[DOT]gd/yeEgP7 Classified =/= Fabricated or Inaccurate it means classified. Perhaps you should look it up in a dictionary? 
22. is Knocked Up, not the 40 Year Old Virgin. 
that actually makes sense!
This is great...some of the best lines in film of all time, all done on the spot. 
Indeed.
on a real di could chew someone out like that
on a real di could chew someone out like that
While that may be true, it wasn't in the script, so in technical terms, it was improvised, as no one told him to say those lines, whether from experience or not. However, I can see why you would think that.
did little for me
Indeed. That part must be one of the most famous parts in the movie!
Which turned out to be incredibly awesome!
Yea, thats pretty much it. That and well, he's insane, but he's also a man. He found her attractive a little.
Basically, he's toasting to her face. When people toast, they are congratulating someone for something,He's congratulating her for being beautiful.
0:08 "Hey Malkovitch, think fast!". I enjoyed that. 
The hug that Voldemort gives Draco in Harry Potter and the Deathy Hallows part 2 was unscripted too. They did 25 takes of that scene and on the 25th take, Ralph Fienes hugged Tom Felton as a suprise to everyone.
its a good scene when you get chills 
gonna need to edit in leo dicaprio's scene from django unchained
#22 is from Knocked Up 
after that line Kubrick had to call cut because he didnt know what a reach around was, never has a straight man been so satisfied to understand the meaning of it 
"Here's looking at you, kid"... Improvised!? How the hell do you come up with something like that on the fly? I barely know what it means.
No specific company. It was the rifle range barracks. We passed through it while I was with Mike Company.
Lee Ermey is a former USMC Drill Instructor at USMCRD Parris Island. While filming the movie, he was supposed to be a technical advisor(while also serving as an active duty Marine DI) for the actor initially playing the SDI's role, however he did such a piss poor job, that DI Ermey had to step in to show him how it's done. This scene was filmed in 3rd Battalion's Barracks, though I am unfamilar which Company's Squad Bay in particular. 3rd had the best mess when I was on the Island. S.Fi 
Here's another one - "Give that man a hand!" Kurtwood Smith's character from Robocop, after one of his stooges blew Murphy's hand off with a shotgun, IIRC.
For Gunny Ermey, all Kubrick told him to do was act like a normal Drill Instructor which came natural for Ermey seeing as in the Marine Corps, he was a real Drill Instructor.
Kubrick was a huge stickler for reality in his movies and he thought that improvising was one of the best ways to convey it. For Full Metal Jacket, R. Lee Ermey is a real Marine Corps Drill Instructor and during Drill Instructor training, they are trained VERY hard to spew out stuff like he said in the movie, no matter how rediculous it sounded without laughing or smiling. The DI is there in boot camp to break a person down to be rebuilt as a Marine. Smiling will break that persona they have.
robert lee ermey #1 heath ledger #2 robert deniro #3 dustin hoffman #4 stanley kurbrick #5 anthony hopkins #6 
Well I have only seen about half the films but gotta say it was interesting since even the ones I had not seen had some actors I know from other films. So it was an insight into their acting ability.
Reach arounds are a common courtesy...
number one best? hmm maybe 
Apparently, Benecio del Toro kept farting during that scene so no one could act seriously. Also, why they're all holding their nose at different times. And another thing, I like how 4 of these movies are by Kubrick (The Shining, Dr. Strangelove, Clockwork Orange and Full Metal Jacket)
Because you can find the official scripts online (for a fee) and these lines aren't in them
Lol that was great and funny. If I were to forget my line I would do some unscripted stuff to.
Same with the farting wife thing. The laughter was so genuine.
I thought the "know how i know you're gay" scene was improvised. 
All of District 9 was improvised. So I hear. 
How do we know you're not scripted?
How do we know these aren't scripted?
I always thought it was just to fuck with Clarice's head. Because Hannibal sees her at first as a scared little girl, presumably send to him by scumbags like Chilton in the hopes that she would get more information out of him than regular doctors or agents, and he feels offended that they think he'd be that much of a simpleton. And so he has a little fun at Clarice's expense by frightening her and playing with her mind. Only afterwards he gets interested in her hidden fears and agrees to help.
I always thought it was just to fuck with Clarice's head. Because Hannibal sees her at first as a scared little girl, presumably send to him by scumbags like Chilton in the hopes that she would get more information out of him than regular doctors or agents, and he feels offended that they think he'd be that much of a simpleton. And so he has a little fun at Clarice's expense by frightening her and playing with her mind. Only afterwards he gets interested in her hidden fears and agrees to help.
how about half the iron man movie?
Skeptical.
630 people are self proclaimed film experts that are really just poser losers...
Yeah, apparently they kept screwing up the tape, and they could only shoot at certain times crossing the street, and he got fed up and did that lmao, the taxi driver had no idea they were filming a movie.
oooooo it was not scripted. What range these actors have, what art! To think, they weren't supposed to, talk about wife farting for example, but did. Wife farting, hand gestures, Game Over......wow.
Didn't know about the Midnight Cowboy scene. DeNiro got his line from Springsteen after seeing him do the "are you talking to me?" in one of his concerts.
There are some brilliant funny guys in that lineup! 
subbed, liked, shared, favorited... Funny how some of the most iconic lines in film are improvised... Homer says... "Stupid Writers!" 
the 40 year old virgin one was actually knocked up, but they do have a seen in the 40 year old virgin with those two doing the same thing
About the Heath Ledger thing, the explosion stopping wasn't scheduled. The explosives were delayed for some reason, and Heath Ledger did a little in-character improvisation. 
l only knew the number 5
R. Lee Erney in FMJ and Bull Murray in Caddyshack both had all their lines improvised. They just told them who the character was and put the camera on them.
And to think that a lot of these phrases found there way into every day use to signify a situation - Fascinating.
I didnt't know that, but I think they would have laughed nontheless, just because of the hilarious way they say the line
It was Benecio 
It was Benecio 
Wow, props to Rutger Hauer for the Blade Runner one.
The one from The Usual Suspects is especially hysterical because according to the DVD extras, they're cracking up so much because someone wouldn't quit farting, haha.
R. Lee. Ermey for the win!!!
22 is not 40 year old virgin. It is knocked up
Some amazing stuff here. I knew about Taxi Driver, but "Game over, man!" is a real surprise, as is The Warriors clip. Number 2 is an awful choice, though. Hopkins is so overrated in that role, and that noise was just stupid. Pure panto. 
Only knew the Star Wars one.
I'm really surprised the necklace scene from Pretty Women isn't on here!
Maybe he improvised the first take and they liked it but made him do it again until it sounded just right...
Aah, the one from The Usual Suspects is the best by far :D
Just saw the Silence of the Lambs, in class today, and did not realize it was improvised. It really gave the feeling of Hannibal being utterly insane..
Im surprised Will Ferrell didnt make the list. 90% of his scenes are improvised. 
Awesome man! Talk about serendipity! 
While visiting NYC 6 months before 9/11, I was walking across the street with friends in Manhattan and had a car do essentially the same thing to me. My instinctive reaction was to yell at the guy, "hey, I'm walking here!" It was some time later (a few years I think) that I was watching the movie while sitting at home, saw that scene, and started laughing.
The cat killing scene in Boondock Saints was a complete surprise to Rocco but Sean and Norman had been playing with the airgun device so the knew it was going to be spectacular, I can't believe Harrison Ford as Indiana Jones killing the sword wielded wasn't on here supposedly Harrison was sick and didn't have the energy for the full drawn out fight scene.
I stick to my original remark in that R. Lee Ermey's task was substantively different. What he said was not a "mistake" (like Woody Allen's sneeze), nor was it an actor making up something on the fly. It was probably unscripted, but the material must have been drawn from Ermey's substantial background in saying similar things. Don't get me wrong: I love the scene. But it's different in kind from the others.
I've been told the scene where the cat is shot in "The Boondock Saints" was an accident. The gun was supposed to be empty and the reactions you see are the actors' real reactions.
Less scripts everywhere, please!
The last movie is "Full Metal Jacket."
Though this is not the YT video to be having this discussion, good on you for that comment. Agreed 100%.
"Alien", rather than Aliens, was directed by Ridley Scott, not [Stanley] Kubrick.
which one is the last movie?
#20
....and the chestburster scene was in Alien, not Aliens.
Probably because Kubrick didn't direct it..
Hearing Ermey was well worth the entire video :) I love Full Metal Jacket, and always had the inkling it was improvised :)
hah #22 isnt 40 year old virgin.... its "knocked up."
I read that R Lee Ermey was hired as a technical advisor on Marine matters and some other guy was playing the part of the DI, R Lee thought the script and acting was bullshit and filmed himself doing a 12 minute DI rant, showed it to Kubrick to say this is how it should be done, and Kubrick was so impressed that he hired R Lee to do the part.
Back when I watched this for the first time I had to go and watch all these movies again just to get the full effect. Well I'm back, and it was awesome. 
Some? I think he said it all to his recruits. If I didn't know better I'd swear he was one of my DI's, but my boot camp was a couple of years after his time on the drill field. I think my DI's learned from him. Stewart, Box and Harris...remember them well.
It means "I killed this guy, are you gonna do something about it? No, you can't , faggot. We are the mafia, we run this place, we are untouchable. You better deal with it".
full metal jacket is the best movie because of that scene.
you left out the scene in Aliens when the alien popped out of the guy's chest. Kubrick didn't tell the rest of the cast what was supposed to happen in the scene and their surprise was genuine.
Yes I can see your point there but, him saying it the first time could have been improvised and they liked it so they went with it until it was perfect. Don't know just saying.
What an awesome, well done video! Thanks for the memories and I learned a few things too!
Came for Emery. Mans a beast
#1... win 
@Johno Oldham Some of Lee R Ermneys lines were actually based on things he said to his recruits while he was a DI
Pretty sure the entire Caddyshack scene is improvised, not just the "it's in the hole" line. 
In the script, he was supposed to say i love you back to her but Harrison Ford didn't think that sounded like Han Solo so he changed it on his own to something more bad ass,
why does the actors in the movie godfather purposely leave the gun laying next the the dead body after they're done murdering their enemies? 
full metal jacket was the worst film yet that guys improvisation was immaculate
In Star Wars when the scene with Han Solo came up I actually thought that it was improvised. Thanks for the confirmation :)
The line "I'm walkin' here!", which reached #27 on AFI's 100 Years... 100 Movie Quotes, is often said to have been improvised, but producer Jerome Hellman disputes this account on the 2-disc DVD set of Midnight Cowboy. The cab was driven by a hired actor during a scripted take, and the production team filmed it to look like an ad-lib
"Do you suck dicks?" 
this is a really good youtube video. I'm glad I watched it.
You're going to need a bigger boat was actually in the script, but it was a different place. The director just ended up using it both places (or just there, I can't remeber the details :D)
"I'm walking here!" Didn't know that was some real beef. AHHAHA! 
Lee Ermey is awesome.
Lee Ermey is awesome.
i am sorry the Warriors #16!! at lease #3
Makes one of my favorite movie scenes ever even better! Shit I was not aware that was made up on the spot.
Marines have drill instructors. Army has drill sergeants.
:warriorssss come out to playyyy-ayyyyy me:WHAT THE FUCK
Surprised not to see 'One Flew Over The Cuckoos Nest' in here, still, good video
9actully he had bad stomach after eating bad food and had too go to the toilet so too cut the time harrison ask speiberg why not shot him Instead of a sword fight acully lot of the crew had food poising even Spielberg (sorce the dvd extra material) ;)
Sir I beg to differ. If it is not scripted,i.e. words on paper then its is improvised.Yes R.Lee Emmey may have said that 1000 times but was it actually written on paper for him to say that?Raging Bull.De Niro actually without warning would make very derogatory comments to Joe Pesci seconds b4 a scene. Pesci's expressions are all real emotions/expressions to such comments. 
*facepalm
Number 10 - Reservoir Dogs: Later on in the film, when the cop is about to be burned alive, the actor begs "Please... I got a kid at home!", which was improvised, and Michael Madison found it so disturbing he struggled to finish the scene...
Should have had my all time favorte. The big fight scene in Radiers of the Lost Ark. Jones shooting the sword welding foe was not in the script. The script called for a big fight sequence. It was the last shoot of the day and everyone was tired and Harrison Ford just pulled the gun out and shot him as a joke. Everyone liked it so much they keep it in the movie.
amazing video love it, Please watch "cute kids do films-titanic" on my channel fatsweeps its had some great reviews hope you like it, let me know what you think :)
I'm a natural contrarian, so I actually see kathmondar91's point. Emery is not an actor making stuff up on the fly, in the moment, or by accident (cocaine sneeze by Allen, for example). As a drill sergeant, he's done this kind of thing hundreds if not thousands of times so, if anything, he's totally scripted. Not improvised.
Sadly enough everything about Ledger's performance in that stunt was scripted and rehearsed rigorously (It was a one take shot, and they couldn't risk any mistakes). Nonetheless, Heath blocked it himself.
lee ermey act is real, yes sir, master sergeant sir. hurrah.
The Joker one was improvised?!?! It just got a lot more awesome to me!!
The font is hard to read.
Some great unscripted stuff.If you want another improvised laugh or two and you like dark,British humour,why not spend £1.99 of your hard earned money and watch THE LIMELIGHT MOVIE ? Support British Independent film and have a laugh at the same time. thelimelightmovie com
20 is actually scripted.....they say it in the behind the scenes footage...
It was the hssss that was improvised not the dialogue.
I think some of these might not actually be improvised. For example, I have trouble believing the line from Silence of the Lambs was improvised because it's straight out of the Thomas Harris novel. I guess the only difference being that in the book I think he says he ate the liver with fava beans and a big Amaretto or something, rather than "a nice chianti". But I feel like that's more of a flub than an improv.
not to mention the scene in There Will Be Blood in which Daniel Day-Lewis improvises the entire speech to the people of Little Boston. "it was delicious. Plainview on a platter," as director Paul Thomas Anderson said
a few scenes of matt damon laughing (bonding) next to a highly respected character
And the dance from Blue Valentine isn't in here because....? 
What's funny is to go down this comment list after seeing this good films and find yourself in the middle of one of some stale political shouting match, unchanged since 2001. --Anyway, I'm a writer, and after watching actors and directors "interpret" and outright change my lines, I've come to suspect they're all frustrated writers. Who's stopping them from writing? Don't change my lines, go write something of your own. All you need, really, is a pen. 
I see it as you have no idea what improvised even means.
Why'd you call him a moron asshole?
And yet it happens all the time, obviously not on your big budget shoots.
What's a"retarts"? 
So, improvised then. Like Alnakar ask... do you know what the word improvised means?
SO I HAVE BACKED TRACKED THIS POINTLESS FUCKING ARGUMENT AND HERE TO DO YOUTUBE A FAVOR. YOU TWO NEED TO GO TO THE FUCKING GLADIATORIAL ARENA AND BOTH BE GIVEN A DAMN SHIELD AND SWORD AND TOLD TO BATTLE THIS FUCKING SHIT OUT. THEN THE WINNER NEEDS TO BE SHOT IN THE FUCKING FACE . RAGE CAPS IS TURNED OFF I JUST FELT LIKE TYPING IN CAPS TO MAKE YOU IDIOTS READ THIS. thanks for reading. Have a horrible day
Your posts are visible. It is not deniable that your position regarding the Muslims who war against us is identical to that of the Muslim enemy. No argument needed.
Great question, but its hard to explain. I guess it feels surreal that I actually made it through boot camp when I was 18. I remember my DI's. They too were a pain in the ass, but I thank them to this day like a father. I've haven't been the best at civilian life, but thru the tough times. Remembering those days helps me thru the tough days today. I guess I'm starting to understand "once a marine; always a marine"! For me, going thru that; teaches survival. It's a love hate thing.
Midnight Cowboy/Miss Congeniality..."Hey,I'm gliding here!"lol
"Whats the main difference between . . ." . . . a Muslim supremacist a FreedomIsAbsolute? On all matters of their mutual jihad against the West, NONE.
I know. One of my favorite lines, and it was unscripted. THANK YOU HARRISON FORD!!!
That's not a source, nitwit. That's just a link to a video playlist of a another nitwit like you. But don't let your uninterrupted string of exposed hoaxes stop you. Tell me once again about how the CIA, who you claim are war criminals, is your other reliable source. And how you have access to the supposedly classified reports, to know they're . . . lying about them. Oops! Your mother must be so proud of her little imbecile. Did you promise to leave her basement next year? 
What about the chestburster scene in Alien?
gunney is funny.
Don't make me Google all of this.......just prove how you know that ALL of this was improvised. 
In case you couldn't scroll your eyes down for a half inch I'll post the link again: is[DOT]gd/yeEgP7 And the CIA is a reliable source, it just happens to classify most of its atrocities for obvious reasons. 
Correction: He is a Gunnery Sergeant
I always thought the scene in the first Indiana Jones film where the guy challenges him to a duel with his sword and Indy just shoots him instead was the best improvised scene. Harrison Ford had been sick that day and didn't feel like doing the sword duel so he changed it so it would be easier for him expected to have to redo the scene but they liked it enough to keep it. 
The fuck are you talking about lmfao?!?!
Yes! I was so confused by that one since Seth didn't have a goatee in this clip while he did have that in 40 Year Old Virgin.
dumb ass
The Shining was spelled wrong.
The second frame states they are ranked.
But you see, he didn't memorize a script.
no thats the 40 year old version
no thats the 40 year old version
22 is actually a film called Knocked Up though the what they say is from 40 year old virgin
of course, Ermey's lines were unscripted. You think Kubric could write that kind of gold?
Awesome. never knew all of those were unscripted.
I don't think it's in any particular ranking order. just counting down
sorry to say but # 22 is nocked up not 40 year old virgin
I'll be watching you!
After reading your 3-post novella, there's still nothing outside your jihad against our national defense, except the vaguest of possible references. Whatever you've been told of gov't debt by your Code Stink buddies, it's the spawn of the other 80% referenced earlier, not the vital 20%. In fact, even according to your comrades at CostofWar website, the total war costs are less than budget estimation errors, annually. So, keep apologizing.
Like I said, you lose credibility when agitating against national defense whilst silent on the 80% of all spending & taxing for utterly lawless "entitlement" programs, and Fannie Mayhem mandates. Not that your politics allow for reasoning, but those who engage in it will notice your laser-like focus on the 20% contrasts your silence on the 80%. Even regarding your claimed interest in "freedom", the 80% takes so much more, and not just by criminalizing everything from light bulbs to Happy Meals.
I think you need to move Billy Murray in Caddyshack up the list a bit. Most of his dialog in that movie was improved.
Isnt that first statement rather subjective?
You didn't include the scene from "East of Eden" (the one where James Dean silently begs the man to take the money)?
Jim Carrey's 'annoying sound' was lame. Want to hear the REAL most annoying sound? The one that Carrey was copying? watch?v=kAhPc8tpLlA or search Alf is irritating. Yeah.
Lol
Whys that.
Look it up.
Full Metal Jacket: F Lee: "How tall are you? Sir,5'8" SIR! F Lee: I didn't know they could stack shit that high!"
I could watch the first hour of Full Metal Jacket every day. R Lee Ermey is amazing in that movie
Improvise means he made everything up on the spot. It wasn't scripted. Takes a lot of charisma and fast thinking to be good at improv.
IMDB
nevermind lol
i remember reading about the very first clip but what movie is it from?
and not to beat a dead horse...but all of that is pretty much scripted for the DI's. They just rearrange it to suit the situation. ;) 
Improvisaciones!﻿
I think that Leonardo DiCaprio in Django unchained now takes the number one spot. He smashed a glass and accidentally gashed his hand open, then continued to act through it and smeared the blood on another actors face who he was harassing/interrogating in the scene. 
Yeah cause it was a "one shot"- deal. Ledger could have screwed up the entire scene which would have cost a shitload of money.
How the fuck do YOU know all these are improvised? 
What is it that you think improvised means?
The famous scene in which Indy rescues his hat from under the closing concrete temple slab is also improvised. Spielberg loved it so much, he immediately decided it had to stay in the film.
why was FMJ number one...it wasn't improvised. He's an actual drill sergeant speaking to the actors as though they are actual soldiers.
Jeffwads I can tell you the original lines in Empire Strikes Back was Leia- I love you Han-Just remember that coz ill be back
These were all scripted.
"Gee, I don't know the answer to that. Uh, I think it's across the bay, in Alameda" - the extra who promoted herself to spear carrier in Star Trek IV: The Voyage Home.
in comparison to the titles on the list, no it shouldn't
how was the scene in goodfellas where Joe Pesci was going all "what about me is so funny?" and scared the shit out of ray liota is real life, amazing
I've read that the swordsman spent months working on his sword skills for his part only for Harrison to shoot his character like he did. Apparently he was outright pissed.
"Wow apparently the CIA . . . survey . . . missed" -- such a SHOCKer !! So, America commits war crimes, but the CIA is your trusty, reliable source? Got it. IF your kind weren't such treasonous scum, it would be funny how your dupe so many dullards with your idiotic, internally inconsistent blather. "the studies" -- source(s) please? (This will be fun.)
After spending 4 yrs in the Marine Corps. The boot camp scenes still crack me up. :D
You're both wrong. It's Knocked Up.
DO YOU SUCK DICKS?
wasnt the 40 year old virgin at 40 seconds lol it was i love you man. 
almost half of this was kubrick films
Dark Knight !!..Holyshit that wasn't scripted !!!. Heath Ledger saved a lot of producer's money there!!
He mentioned it to Spielberg beforehand, so everyone knew what Harrison was gonna do before he did it.
pretty good list...you hit the nail on the head with number 1
Warriors t
Dustin Hoffman did great
in the first alien movie the reaction to the chestbuster was real since they didnt know what to expect, they had no lines. in the two towers, aragorn kick a orcish helmet and drop crying because they failed to save the hobbits. in reality he broke his toes and fell to his knees from the pain. 
Where's the On the Waterfront scene where Marlon Brando puts on the glover?
Superb - thanks for posting
Superb - thanks for posting
silence of the lambs shouldn't be above singing in the rain or "you talkin' to me?"
your gonna have to revise the list and make them all fat amy quotes
No, it shouldn't have.
Good Will Hunting was depressing, I hate movies about retarts.
Love Full Metal Jacket! Oohrah Devil Dog! R Lee Ermey is a nice guy in real life. I met him at Camp Lejeune, NC when I was a Hospital Corpsman there. 
Benicio del Toro's improvisation was legendary. I don't know why but those lines just get me every time.
Also somewhat unrelated but can someone explain why the marines etc. use obviously homoerotic techniques to train the soldiers? 
Wow apparently the CIA and Iraq Survey Group must have been deluded when they missed those chemical labs that totally existed right? And please enlighten us, what's your explanation for the studies that conclude that US weapons caused Fallujah's cancer epidemic? is[DOT]gd/yeEgP7
no actually, he was a drill instructor. US Marine Corps. Big difference.
That why most if his lines were all ad libbed.
5:57 c:
in lord of the rings gandalf's hitting his head on the chandelear was a complete accident
LOL, It took me a second to figure that out, but yeah, lol, so true.
I heard that Heath was supposed to keep on walking to the bus while it stopped. But Heath was being in character and stopped to improvise
r lee ermey was a Marine Corps drill instructor at parris island, south carolina. I went there for boot camp, 3rd battalion, and I can tell you this, his role as gunny hartman in full metal jacket was so perfect I damn near stood at attention while he was on screen. I tend to pick movies apart but he was dead on in the movie. I once left my footlocker open too and my DI gave me mortal hell, just like gunny hartman did to gomer pyle. an outstanding performance. 
Absolutely amazing.﻿
I saw little greatness here. However, if the Blade Runner line was truly improvised, then it deserves numero uno. 
Yeh... a reach around is when yer fucking some bloke up the shitter, but you 'reach around' and jack him off. (I read that on the back of a match box btw).
Ok, watched the whole list, most of these are unscripted, meaning not in the script, but not improvised. What most people don't understand is that improvisation usally happens in table readings and in rehearsals (or inbetween takes the writer/director has an idea and tells the actor to say this or that), but NOT ON CAMERA. Celluloid is expensive, films are made on a tight schedule, there's neither time nor money for improv on film!
Dark Knight? Bullshit. Never in a million years would a perfectionist like Nolan allow to change something that he wrote. And the explosion stopping was scripted, but Heath's reaction not??? What was he supposed to do, just stand there and watch the clouds? The maker of this list has no idea how million-dollar movies are made, especially when special effects are involved. There are rehearsals after rehearsals after rehearsals. There is no such thing as "improvisation" on a SFX-shoot. Moron
Eh, I'm Navy but I'll be damned if your not right!
4 Kubrick films too, what a master
Drill INSTRUCTOR asshole. Dont let a Marine hear that
what movie was the line up from? the line give me the keys! what movie? 
205 is fuuny 
I just think that kid probably just watches Disney channel all day and has never been allowed to watch R rated movies
Drill INSTRUCTOR!!!!!!! 
The "joke" was created by our nation's enemy. Now, a generation of idiots blame the USA for Muslim mayhem. But thanks for acknowledging the stupidity of the notion that DU rounds are responsible for cancer in Fallujah.
DO YOU SUCK DICKS
It was a joke, hence the " ;) " at the end...People take youtube comments waaay to seriously sometimes.
Let me guess why...because you are like 12 and have never seen any of the other movies...
The difference is that in the army they get shot or blown up; marines also know how to drown.
Not to be an jerk about it but he was a drill Instructor, it might not seam like a big difference but it's the difference between being a marine or being in the army. And that my friend is a big difference 
I was close enough.
He was a Drill Instructor, Drill Sergeant is the Army.
I heard differently. I heard they were brainstorming choreography and where the scene should go, and Ford said something to the effect of this is stupid, I would just take out a gun and shoot him. 
"nation states" Your specious qualifier was crystal clear in you first post. No need to brag. Your conclusion of "no need" is lunacy. Muslims are quite successful in conquering evermore nations using only "groups of radicals". Not a surprise, since Islam REQUIRES every man, woman & child be in that group. You lose credibility when you agitate against national defense, under the guise of "4th" or whatever, especially so whilst silent on the other 80% of gov't that is constitutionally lawless.
Weeeeeellllll, E. Lee did a 30 minute video audition where he improvised for a half hour and didnt repeat himself once. Legend has it they had the entire audition transcribed and turned into the first thirty mines of FMJ. True story. Heard it on the internet......
reach around?
2:00 TF2's Economy in A Nutshell.
also that swords man spent a very long time with the routine. He put his life into it and boom he gets killed off
I wish I could go back in time and see every smoking he gave where he said those things to privates, because I can almost guarantee that he's used those before in actual BCT
Drill Instructor. Marines are Drill Instructors
Very good list, but Indy shooting the swordsman and especially, ESPECIALLY, the "How am I funny?" scene from Goodfellas are large omissions. You could easily do a Top 50. Good job.
Surprised that the Scene from Indiana Jones where they were in the market and he shoots the swordsman wasn't listed. It was originally supposed to display Indy's whip skills, but he was not feeling well so he just shot him and the actor played along.(so I have read/been told)
The dark knight should have been higher
NY city isn't a cave. Neither is Ft Hood. Neither is our embassy in Benghazi. Your inability to "see any" Muslims warring against us and the rest of humanity, all across the globe, ongoing now for some 1,400 years, isn't as impressive as you seem to have deluded yourself into believing. Separately, The New Deal has trampled the Constitution (The Old Deal) for some 70 years now; replacing individual liberties with voting bloc "rights" to other people's earnings. Congratulations for noticing. 
R.Lee Emery was not a drill sergeant he was a Drill Instructor!
R.Lee Emery was not a drill sergeant he was a Drill Instructor!
It was a very accurate depiction of army training.
Awesome post, favorited, but some of your info is inaccurate. Hauer wrote the entire sequence at the end of Blade Runner the morning of filming that scene and gave it to Scott, and Murray told Ramis, give me "3 row of mums" and he improvised the entire scene.
Seth Green's dialog in The Italian Job (modern remake) during the scene where Jason Statham is talking to the cable repair woman was completely improvised and would be one of my picks for this list.
THE LORD OF THE RINGS The Uruk-Hais chants outside helm's deep (The Two Towers) Theodon running his sword along the raised spears at Pelennor Fields (The Return of the King) Aargorn screaming when he thought that he failed to save Merry and Pippin (The Two Towers - he broke his toe in that shot, might i add)
pretty sure number 22 was knocked up not the 40 year old virgin
It was a war movie? I thought the entire first half was a comedy.
That's what war is, it's not all fighting and death. It was a movie about war, but not exactly an action movie.
Not funny either
Yes those lines are straight from LG Jr.FMJ was a good movie though and Emery is a great actor.Also Vince Donofrio was great in that film too!
How is the conversation between pacino and deniro in heat not in this? the one in the cafe?
No, that movie sucked dick. It is not a war movie if it drags on for hours and noting happens. However, the movie was able to be so bad and boring at the same time I was able to fall asleep nicely.
I love you :( I know :|
exactly.
The 'i've got a jar of dirt' line/s in Pirates of the Caribbean was unscripted 
GIMME DAH FUCKING KEYS YA COKSUCKING MADAFAKAHLALALALLAWAWAEAH
The thing is, unlike the other examples, R. Lee Ermey wasn't an actor with great improvisational skills. He was, actually, a drill instructor, so this was second nature for him. It was improvisation, but no more than was expected of a good DI, not an acting talent. Presumably, Bill Murray was never a golf club groundskeeper, for example.
Although I must say that TylerNull just seems to be enjoying himself as I do sometimes by leading others in a long drawn out redundant argument that serves no other purpose than to provide some good quality and free amusement. I find it quite funny actually.
Because this is the only place they can do so in comfort without facing people face to face. I find the internet makes people brave with their words, and because the person is not in front of them, they can bash all day without any harm to themselves. But why on this particular video you ask? Lol the fuck if I know.
No disrespect, just a big thing for marines. You are correct though, that uniform was all his as well along with the rank and medals I believe.
He was not a drill sergeant, he was a drill instructor. There is no such thing as a drill sergeant in the marine core. I understand you're probably not military and have no clue, but marines don't like the name drill sergeant, as the drill instructor in the marines is the only NCO in the military to be called sir, and not sergeant. Sorry, had to correct it.
lol@ courtesy reach around
His only mistake was casting Shelley Duvall, who is annoying as hell throughout the whole movie.
Drill instructors. Greatest improv artists of all time.
The Shining, A Clockwork Orange, and Full Metal Jacket. Kubrick was a genius.
I came just for the fmj scene!!
R. Lee Emery was an actual drill seargeant, so it was natural for him.
In other words, your politics don't allow for reality to seep in. Thanks for the demo. Next time you try posting your lies, at least pick a town name that isn't so well known as the home to Iraq's CHEMICAL WEAPONS FACTORY. Don't be so lazy, kitten.
Uh no, it's from depleted uranium used by the US military which the medical studies also found. But you know, Iraqi kids getting cancer is ok because the US is doing it right? 
Also pretty sure the FMJ line "You better stop eyeballing me boy. I'll rip your eyeballs out the sockets and skull-fuck you to death!"(not in this clip) is straight from LG jr in Officer...
If I was acting in this movie as private pyle and I was climbing down the obstacle when he says "IM GOING TO RIP YOUR BALLS OFF! SO YOU CANNOT CONTAMMINATE THE REST OF THE WORLD!" I would've fell off the obstacle laughing my dick off 
the last one lol
Actually I read that during "The Unusual Suspects" one of the actors had bad gas. That's why they all start laughing
The last one made me laugh so hard i coughed out of breath.
It is also older than "Officer and a Gentleman". Widely used in the military as a put down. 
I don't even know how any of the actors could have kept a straight face during Full Metal Jacket...
Here's a few more: 1. A Few Good Men: Tom Cruise's line mocking Jack Nicholson ("He eats breakfast 300 yards...........") wasn't improvised, but his mockery of Nicholson's voice was. 2. Young Frankenstein: When the monster visits the blind man (Gene Hackman), and eventually runs away from him, Hackman's line about making expresso was improvised. 3. Reservoir Dogs: The cop that Madsen was torturing improvised the line about having a son at home. 
Full metal jacket the best
Umm"steers and queers" line was originally from an "Officer and a Gentlemen" when Louis Gossett jr. was the drill instructor.R. Lee was less than original here!!
I can't believe the line from the dark night I just don't see that being unscripted
USELESS CULTURE. WHO CARES ?!
so every epic line in film history was unscripted?
"it MIGHT have been ..." the fumes of Al Gore's jet. First of all, it's DU, not DPU. Second, "all the DPU slugs left over" are in many places, not just in Fallujah. So, what makes Fallujah different? It had a CHEMICAL WEAPONS FACTORY. People who are scientific illiterate and unable to perform the reasoning required to make use of facts are constantly duped by enemy (Democrat) propaganda. Maintaining this pathetic condition is the DNC's best weapon against humanity: teachers' labor unions. 
where is say hello to my little friend scene 
Someone probably already mentioned it, but I read somewhere that after they finished the scene, Kubrick asked Ermey, "Okay, what the hell is a 'reach-around'?"
That all depends on who your DS is, what mood he's in, and the context of the situation. My platoon got hardcore smoked plenty of times thanks to one private--they called him Barbie because of his perfect teeth and complexion--who was always laughing, snickering or smiling and couldn't help it. 
OOOOOORRRAAAHHH!!!! Semper Fi!! 
Nobody comes close to Gunny.
Nobody comes close to Gunny.
I think there's a good chance you're right.
Naw, you can laugh nowadays, it's all gotten pretty lax. 
I think i saw in the DVD extras of Dumb and Dumber another line that was improv. The scene where Lloyd sees the old news article on the wall in the bar about landing on the moon. He walked out and triumphantly said, "We landed on the moon!" That would be a nice addition to this excellent montage :-)
The reason that the scenes in Full Metal Jacket fit were cause that how it really is.... don't believe me go see your local recruiter he'll hook you up with 3 months of outstanding comedy you can't laugh at. 
OK, I'd like to make 2 comments about one specific "commercial". 1st) I don't think "Brad" is all that handsome. 2nd) I'd like to stab that ANNOYING heart with Liz' fingernails. 
WHAT THE FUCK? Like tears in rain, too?! And here's looking at you kid?!
I can't believe "Mein Fuhrer... I can't valk!" was improvised. Holy dinkhole.
What about Indiana Jones Sabrefight gunfight scene? 
some of them really were impressive.
The "A whale's vagina" scene in Anchorman was improvised!
600 people didn't have the common courtesy to give this video a reach-around.
In Reservoir Dogs, Kirk Baltz (Marvin Nash)'s whole dialogue was unscripted. In the torture scene, Tarantino told Baltz "Convince this man to not set you on fire". Michael Madsen (Mr. Blonde) had a hard time filming the scene. Kirk remembered that Michael had just had a kid at the time, and added the "I got a little kid at home" line. Madsen disliked that line. But Tarantino decided to add it to the script. In the scene, you can even hear Blonde say "Don't. Don't. Don't" as Nash says it.
Only one N in The Shining. :)
Probably the only time I'll ever leave annotations on
Hope you have a better day tomorrow pal :)
so you're not the biggest unscripted actor then, are you? you're just an idiot 
Full Metal Jacket rules.
Thats not the 40 year old vigin thats knocked up !
WHERE'S THE SCENE FROM INDIANA JONES WERE HE SHOOTS THE SWORDSMAN!!!
I think this is all made up 
Why did this make you mad?
Was expecting "Bring me that horizon" from Pirates of the Caribbean 
Hannibal Lecter is the best. The end.
it might have been all the DPU slugs left over from the first gulf war ;)
Good list, but you forgot the greatest improvised scene of all... Quint talkng about the USS Indianapolis in Jaws. The whole scene is ptactically improv.
watch Sergi and the Little Girl on my page. this was 100% completely unscriped and all improv. 30 minutes of improv chopped down to 5 minutes. please watch!!!
Yay
actually, it was because he wasn't feeling well. and while he did come up with it, the scene most likely wasn't improvised; he just suggested it and then they changed it.
22 is not 40 year old virgin its knocked up
Some of the most iconic scenes of all times. Either these actors are all brilliant at improv, or some poor writers are getting cheated out of fame in the interest of creating some Hollywood legends.
Come on TylerNull, you haven't lived until you've taken a COCK UP THE ARSE!
I'm the biggest unscripted actor in the world, because I'm not an actor.
You can't have it both ways, kitten. EITHER the chemical mutagens (CANCER causing agents) from Iraq's chemical weapons factory got out, OR they did NOT. Try to keep your flurries of treasonous myths from bitch-slapping each other in public. OR don't. As your fetal-bone-snapping comrades like to say, "It's a CHOICE !" Either way, the only relevant "atrocity" here is your broken mind, so get your apology from those who broke it.
I think it's just before Boromir is killed.
bir de yüklese AMINA KOYAYIM ...
I kinda miss the sword vs. gun scene from Indiana Jones. As far as I know Harrison Ford did it as a joke in the first take and they thought it was so good, they kept it
I am missing the indiana jones 1 scene, where he shoots the guy with the sword.
True story: when casting extra's to play soldiers in Full Metal Jacket, R. Lee told them "We're going to line you up along this piece of tape and i'm going to say some really bad things about you're mothers. If you hit me, you don't get the job."
same with blade runner
IM WALKING HERE!
Oh yea and they and that Warriors scene was also confirmed to be unscripted by the dvd commentary.
Well I know that Joker scene when he jumped from the explosion was unscripted, they said it in the commentary.
"In English Please!"
Unscripted! 
There are many "unscripted movies" the director only explain the situation and leave to the actors the improvisations to get more truly feelings, the best example is the classic robbery masterpiece "Dogs Days Afternoon" there was one script but after rehearsing for weeks with his cast, Sidney Lumet took the improvisations that were made while rehearsing and made that the official screenplay. Al Pacino collapsed from exhaustion and had to be hospitalized for a short time.
A nightmare on elm street 3 "Welcome to prime time bitch!" was improv
Gotta love the drill sergeant from Full Metal Jacket
funny that most if not all were the memorable moments in nearly all theses movies.
Seems like there's always some weird fuck on youtube who comments with "nowadays this wouldn't be allowed" on almost everything remotely profane, controversial, symbolic, etc. I don't know if this is a lame trolling technique, or if there are really that many braindead trudy-prudies holed up in the church basement.
Seems like there's always some weird fuck on youtube who comments with "nowadays this wouldn't be allowed" on almost everything remotely profane, controversial, symbolic, etc. I don't know if this is a lame trolling technique, or if there are really that many braindead trudy-prudies holed up in the church basement.
viiggo or aragon from lord of the rings was not meant to scream inthe 2 towers when he kicked the helmet but he broke his toe and turned it into a scene
a reach around? hell no. touching another mans dick while fucking him in the ass is like ... so gay ...
uhh.. what goodie goodie universe are you living in? there's shit way worse than that in plenty of movies nowadays dude. 
Technically it's not someone saying it, it's that those lines or blocking were not in the original shooting script. Oftentimes the scripts you find on the internet are not shooting scripts, but instead transcriptions of the film's final edit. Also you can find references to what is improvised or not in the commentaries or extras of many film's DVD and Blu Ray releases.
Can't say this often about a YouTube video, but excellent job putting this together. I dig how you didn't put the entire scenes in, but left some for people to discover if they haven't seen the movie before.
''Do you suck dicks?'' nowadays this movie wont even be allowed on the screen -.-
No it's the Fallujah that had normal rates until the US attacked in 2004 and then had rates worse than Hiroshima. By the way I seem to recall the Bush administration admitting their were no weapons. But reality shouldn't get in the way of you apologizing for atrocities now shouldn't it? 
I had to read that twice. 
That was great
i have stanley kubrick's born to kill on dvd, have to watch after this :D
That's amazing!
Yeah, that explains it.
i think this guys fulla shit
I SEEN IT
it was supposed to stop ledger wasn't told and his reactions were completely unscripted 
I think in the original script the explosion was supposed to be continuous, so when it wasn't ledger had to act like it was all in his plan 
you should make another one and add fat amy's "mermaid dance"
You left out Christmas Vacation when Chevy Chase does the rant about his boss!
I'm probably going to sound dumb, but for The Dark Knight, how could they possibly not have a big explosion on the script?
Its the best!
Thats Knocked Up, not 40 Year Old Virgin
Improv is an actor's skill. Always inspiring, humbling, awesome to watch. Peter, Underground Circus, Vancouver 
I wish that was fact, but he was a DI before he was ever an actor. I think he was a DI in the 60's... But yeah, he says a lot of the same shit DI's say. Hard to hold in laughter during basic sometimes.
Fact, R. Lee Ermey was a real DI (drill instructor) during the filming of full metal jacket. He was brought in as a "military adviser". They had someone else cast as the DI. Then they realized, why have an actor play the part, when we have the real deal right here? All of his lines were made up on the spot, he simply treated the actors as he would treat real Marine recruits. My Dad (a Vietnam era Marine vet) always said this is the closest to being a Marine without signing the papers.
The Scene from Midnight Cowboys is not unscripted ... They declare that on the DVD 
R Lee Ermy! Best Actor Ever. okay maybe not best...but still kick-ass!
They weren't in the original or pretty much any script. The unscripted part is not opinion it's fact.
that last line from the DS was hillarious
Scriptception?
2:31 Ben Foster?
The actors, directors, and other people who work on the film.
Leopold and Loeb....
i clicked for the FMJ thumbnail. just sayin
what a bunch of crap.
I've only seen three of these movies; batman, star wars, and reservoir dogs.
I honestly thought Joker's delayed bomb was scripted :P
The way too prove this is too look into every single movie script and then goto the area of that movie and LOOK IT UP. Simple's really. 
That whole scene is fantastic. Easily Hauer's best performance.
In Empire Strikes Back Han Solo was scripted as saying "I love you too." However Harrison Ford didn't believe that was how Solo would respond so he went with "I know" which is so simple yet absolutely brilliant. 
The Dustin Hoffman improv is great.
Yeah he was a Drill Instructor and also did like three tours in Nam.
Most is common knowledge. Everyone knows that R.Lee Ermey scene in Full Metal was completely unscripted because they admitted to it. They just unleashed Lee because he used to be a real Drill Instructor in the Marine Corps
Who says that it wasn't unscripted to be scripted for being unscripted in a scripted movie?
R Lee Ermey officially became one of my favourite actors.
horse shit, I see religious people puking their bible quotes all over every goddamn thing on the internet, telling people to repent, threatening them with hell, etc. I see it happening pretty equally from both sides, but no atheist ever just comes out and goes 'god, religion is bullshit," without first spotting religious vomit. Unlike christians, we don't go around making sure every fuckin person we ever meet knows we're atheists. 
Whoa if that was unscripted then Heath Ledger is a genius.
My brother does the whole dril sgt thing to me. It's awesome. :P
blade runner's is probably my top scene from any movie
I don't recall claiming I'm better than anything. Religion is still horse shit though. But it's ok. Just murmur to your imaginary friend in the sky and everything will be fine.
I don't recall claiming I'm better than anything. Religion is still horse shit though. But it's ok. Just murmur to your imaginary friend in the sky and everything will be fine.
From the people who made and were in these films. 
leave the gun, take the cannoli
so you mean to tell me that some of the most famous movie quotes were unscripted??? I call fraud!!!
And almost without exception done by very good actors, naturally. 
He knew about the pause in the explosion I believe (maybe he was supposed to get in the bus before the big explosions) but just decided to add some more. This was far from the only time he improved during filming from what I understand, so they just rolled with it I guess. Rehearsed or not it is still awesome.
Harrison was good with improv moments--look up the story about the famous shooting the swordsman gag from Raiders some time. :-)
Funny how the improvised lines are so memorable.
Great info..But i do love the part,'I bet you'd fuck a guy in the ass and not have the common decency to give him a reach round.' I laugh ever time i here that..
i WILL GOUGE OUT YOUR EYEBALLS AND SKULL-FUCK-YOU!!!!!!!
urgh, Warriors is the worst movie EVER!
Who says that they were not scripted to be unscripted in a scripted movie?
2:25 antonio banderas farted, thats why they were laughing in that scene. true story
I don't think there is anyone who wouldn't agree that that role, and that role alone (In Full Metal Jacket) absolutely Immortalizes R.Lee.
HERES JOHNNY!
*Scene*
The seen with Han Solo was improvised, but what isn't said in the "description" is that they he was supposed to say "I love you too" but Harison Ford felt it didn't fit his character, so they did it again with "I know" and they kept it. 
actually the entire speech from the caddyshack was improvised. the director said so. the script said "carl is lopping heads off of flowers" and then he did the cinderella boy speech all on his own 
the one from jaws was...that's all i know for sure about
GIVE ME THE FUCKEN KEYS YOU FUCKING COCK SUCKING MOTHAFUCKAEHGUIEHIJG!!!!
How is vince vaughn not on here
i dont see the dark knight sequence being unscripted or unrehearsed, cuz they only had one building and one chance to blow it up, unless Heath was just digitally added in later. 
you know whats a true travesty, that your comment got too many negative views to even been shown anymore, just goes to show how low weve gone, but hey its all in the book, and i believe its called The Great Falling Away, or as the atheists call it the great running away, to a life of depravity, that only has meaning as long as your alive and you can still decide what you think is right and wrong, and completely base your life on your own foolish wisdom, 
They're going from the original scripts submitted before filming began is my guess, which means it wasn't always the actor that is responsible for the new line.
Posting a wad of new lies doesn't cure your previously exposed deception. Nor does it address the point made in exposing it. In other words, you're in no position to claim knowledge. About anything.
I guess the script
Awesome. 
For the record, I detest Islam just as much as I do every other faith, including yours. Atheism is not a theology. "I'm not convinced" is not a belief. The burden of proof lies upon the one making the assertion, and no faith has yet met it. Your zeal, for all its sound and fury, doesn't hide the emptiness of the beliefs you profess. In fact, the more of your replies I read, the more inclined I am to think you're just a Poe. So, either a fool or an asshole. Possibly both, but why be insulting?
You obviously don't know much about Islam. Nor have you read (or at least, understood) the Constitution. I know precisely what the Treaty was for, but it's not for nothing that the Constitution makes no mention of religion, save that no religious test may be a requirement to hold public office. A secular constitution for a secular government. Read up. The founding fathers were mostly deists. Start getting your information somewhere other than Fox News and anti-Muslim propaganda sites.
My favorite unscripted scene is from 'Das Boot'. One of the actors on the u-boat's bridge in a storm actually slipped on the wet deck and fell over the railing, breaking a couple of ribs. Another actor instinctively yelled "Man overboard"!, and they ran to his rescue. The director left it in the movie.
This was pretty damn cool.......and unlike the useless religious trolling, am look forward to more.
Lenin, Gorbachev, and several other Russian leaders were atheist. Marx was atheist, and the idea of communism according to Marx himself requires that religion be contained, but Stalin wasn't an atheist. I've pointed out the church that was suppressed, as well as giving historical facts that show Stalin was a religious man. He studied at a Georgian Orthodox seminary school, and left because he was unable to pay tuition. regardless, how does someone's acts reflect the legitimacy of their beliefs?
Gracias a este vídeo me acabo de enterar que una de las escenas de película que mas me gusta es improvisada Que asombroso es este tipo:*All those moments will be lost in time, like tears in rain*Debo indicar que he visto esta película dos veces y fue hace mas de 10 años la ultima vez, y toda vía recuerdo la escena﻿
Gracias a este vídeo me acabo de enterar que una de las escenas de película que mas me gusta es improvisada Que asombroso es este tipo:*All those moments will be lost in time, like tears in rain*Debo indicar que he visto esta película dos veces y fue hace mas de 10 años la ultima vez, y toda vía recuerdo la escena﻿
Only pagans and atheists are backward enough to hold a god concept consisting of something floating about in the the sky. EVOLVE. While you're at it, keep proselytizing your Mayan mysticism that government bureaucrats are deities who can control the Earth's weather. Keep calling for human sacrifices, like Cap & Tax, lest your prophesy of Thermal Armageddon manifest. Unlike you, atheist, I needn't invent caricatures of your atheist powered dogma to demonstrate the idiocy of your theology.
how the hell did they leave out fight club? 
And your your mother was a "former" virgin. Stalin --the adult dictator --was an atheist. The USSR established an entire bureaucratic apparatus (gosateizm) devoted to proselytizing atheism, and prosecuted the competition. Atheism was enforced by the state's political commissars. Party members and peasants were marinated in atheism 24/7. Those who are willfully ignorant enough to buy your pathetic attempt to perfectly invert history are deserving of your genocidal theology of nothingness.
It's a typo, but, ok, "For the next few years, Ermey played a series of minor film roles until 1987, when he was cast as tough drill instructor Gunnery Sergeant Hartman in Stanley Kubrick's Full Metal Jacket. Initially he was intended to be only the technical advisor. Kubrick changed his mind after Ermey put together an instructional tape, in which Ermey went on an extended hair-raising drill instructor tirade towards several extras, convincing Kubrick he was the right person for the role."
I would have believed you but you typed "would of". 
Probably the fact that they aren't in the scripts.
I would of believed you but you spelled Marine wrong
It should be noted you're not an iota better than any believer.
lol? It's common sense to believe in a skygod? Who are you? Oh right, a Christian. Whether YOU care to accept it or not, science is true and provable, religion is not. You lose plztryaga1n
Wha..#22 ain't 40 yr old Virgin( but great movie lol) I thought that movie was Knocked Up.
Yeah he had that role dead to rights. 
This is literally a retarded conversation. Look aethists, whether you care to admit it or not, if you are imposing your bullshit on anyone (including christians) then you are no better than those you call "preachers". Also, read the fucking bible. Many facets of the christian philoshophy are highly applicable to our modern society. Much understanding and empathy can be gleaned from various religions. I won't tell you my religion, because this isn't about that: this is about common sense.
so what has your sky god done for us? Did the world end on 5/21? He doesn't exist, big bitch! Keep praying to him and hope something happens. And keep wasting your sundays, that does alot too. Your entire religion is a mockery. I guess you guys got enough halfwits to call "followers". 
I had the feeling he was in the military at some time.
exactly...sounds like bullshit to me pal...i could easily make a vid like this...anyone can...
Heath Ledger..such a good actor
Heath Ledger..such a good actor
So who says these were unscripted? 
Where's the famous lines from Clue? "Flames, on the side of my face..."
I can never think of "Singing in the Rain" the same way again. O.o
I once went to a political debate and a youtube comment stream quickly broke out.
about Stalin: He established a new national church of Russia, which of course answered to him. He considered the church very important to extending control from Moscow to the satellite nations. Stalin's church was called the Russian Orthodox Church or The Moscow Patriarchate; and the suppressed church was called the Russian Orthodox Church Outside Russia. Stalin was a former theologian, the head of the national church, and one of the most brutal dictators ever. Atheism is unrelated to tyranny.
There's a reason why they call him "Gunny." He was a gunnery sergeant.
LEMME SEE YER WAR FACE!!!
Yeah, no shit
he was a marine
What's also interesting is that actor who was replaced by Ermey can be seen later in the film as the gunner who famously shouts "Ain't war Hell?"
I don't know if that counts because it was in the script. The actors just didn't know about it. That one's kind of on the fence between scripted and unscripted. 
"here's johnny" by nicholson is so good you dont need the rest of these.
He really was a Marine drill instructor around or right after the time of the Vietnam war.
he prob a vietnam veteran
*Knocked Up 
such a great video, If you have a spare couple minutes please watch "cute kids do films-titanic" on my channel fatsweeps so sweet, let me know what you think hope you like it :)
He was an actual Drill Instructor for the Mariane Corps. and he was hired on as a consultant, the actor hired to portray the DI wasn't good enough and R. Lee Ermey just kinda stepped in.
Gunnery Sergeant...
Freedom-Is-Absolute -- so is slavery. And if you're not prepared to fight back against those who war against your civilization, then prepare for a lot of unhappy absolutes.
You forgot the scene in Raiders when Indy shoots the swordman. That wasn't scripted.
He was really a Marine Gunnery Sergeant.
Fallujah -- the infamous home to Iraq's chemical weapons factories had high cancer rates? What s SHOCKer !!! So much for the lies claiming such chemical mutagens were long gone. Thanks for the timely update, kitten.
Enjoy﻿
This makes me feel old. He was a drill instructor hired to consult, but the actor was nowhere near as good as the real thing.
the guy that got to play gunny was actually a gunnery sergeant in real life I think
Obvious troll is an obvious troll
yea he was a marine
He was a DI in te Army or Marines. They told him to just wing it in that scene and pretty much for his whole part in the movie. He is a genius. 
he is actually a retired Gunnery Sergent and drill instructor for the U.S. Marines
Too bad this wasn't made later, you could've added the "Let's get shwarma" live from the Avengers.
wow
Uhm, yes, he was a gunnery seargent before! His original job for this movie was to train the dedicated actor to act like a gunny, but he was so good, that kubrik decide to give him the role. 
of course he was, look him up 
Hahaha. "Countertrolling"! Now that's funny. A bit of an oxymoron, though. You see, the whole point of a troll is to suck as many people into a senseless, off the topic argument as possible. So far I've got two takers, who's next?
Hah. Everybody can troll, it isn't an "achievement". Besides, you just don't know if he was countertrolling you. The next time, try to come up with something new and intelligent.
He was.
Man, there are some classics here, but that last one by the drill instructor pips them all!
@Bulldog7ization i dont doubt that to be true. but you, sir, are also an asshole 4 letting me troll and bait you. now how does that feel?
The crazy door gunner that Rafterman and Joker fly with was supposed to be the DI. Kubrick liked R Lee and found that he didn't need to act and got the job instead.
pipe down SIR. no one else cares except you, your daddy, and your momma. in the end you just made yourself look like the asshole.
R Lee Ermy was a staff sergeant in the marine corps assigned to assist the original actor but after the director saw how good a job he did he told him to just finish the part. he later received an honorary promotion to gunnery sergeant 
5:09 Thats the best slap I had ever seen in a movie, did he really slap her?
hay thanks for that rad little tidbit! :)
I'm about sick and goddamned tired of you effin assholes throwing together a montage of clips from famous movies and then slapping a bogus name on it like you just did this one here. The majority of these scenes were most definitely scripted and some of them consisted of only one or two words. You're an asshole, Sir. You're daddy was an asshole and you're momma, a bitch. GOOD DAY, SIR! 
That hired an actual Drill Sergant for that role. So yes he was in his natural element.
R Lee Ermy was a DI in the Marines. Not army. In the army they're called drill sergeants.
Damn right. He was a real retired drill instructor. Kubrick was looking for realism. 
R lee Ermey was a drill instructor and I believe he was initially going to just be a technical advisor until Kubrick saw him giving an example of a talking down.
R lee Ermey was a drill instructor and I believe he was initially going to just be a technical advisor until Kubrick saw him giving an example of a talking down.
You're on the money there. He was an army drill instructor and I'm pretty sure he was initially brought in to teach the guy originally intended to play the role how to behave as such. When it turned out he was so good at it he was then cast in turn as the character himself.
He was an actual Gunnery Sergeant in the Marines. 
He actually was a Marine and was a Gunnery Sergeant he also was a Drill Instructor.
nfg yui ++ 100%Free! Hot girls sex cam show! Go - -> sexcamshow.info.ms
Robert De Niro's "You Talkin to me?" improv owes thanks to Bruce Springsteen. Its in the newly released Bruce Springsteen biography 'Bruce' that when called back for an encore one night Bruce replied to the audience with "You talkin to me?" who was in the audience that night? Robert De Niro. not sure how long later (soon though) De niro delivered this line.
most of these scenes were scripted
I knew the one from saving private ryan was unscripted, it was so eal :D
That thing with the dark knight wasn't on purpose? The warriors and silenced of the lambs, full metal jacket. That's awesome. 
Are you ever going to reply to the comment about how cancer rates in Fallujah are worse than in Hiroshima or are you going to continue being a conservative pussy? 
In Star Trek IV: The Voyage Home, Kirk and the crew go back in time to 1986 in San Francisco; he does a scene inspired by the Midnight Cowboy taxi sequence, complete with "Double-dumb ass on you!"
Solo's line should have been lower on the list. THAT line defined Ford's character and was all on him
If i recall correctly.. Ermey was a real drill sergeant that was only supposed to train another actor on how to act like a drill sergeant.. but he ended up doing the job so well they just used him instead..
incorrect on the caddyshack scene. the entire scene was bill murray dicking around whilst in character and they filmed how without him knowing
wow that was good 
R.Lee was in U.S.M.C. and yes he was a D.I.
Thanks for that! very amusing!
fake
Most of full metal jacket was improvised
at nr. 22 that movie was Knocked Up not the 40 year old virgin 
great video there should be a seperate list for only comedy movies
He was a drill sargent 
I was going to KILL someone if the "tears in the rain" scene and R. Lee Ermey's performance were not on this list!
He is a retired Gunnerey Sargeant in the marines.
Give me the fucking keys cocksucker what da fuuck xD
R. Lee Ermey must've been in some branch of the military at some time. He sounds way to good to be just an actor.
Awesome. Classic all the way!
Texas sucks
Man I remember on that line from Jaws..."youre gonna need a Bigger Boat" how all the audience laughed 
You got to admit, Matt Damons improvs are quite good. I don't think I'd be able to naturally start laughing like that 0:56 or come up with the story as if it was real with emotion 2:59, espec. with a camera all up in ma face!
GIVE ME THE MOTHERFUCKIN KEY YOU COCK SUCKA FDSAJLFHASDJKFHJDSAHJKLDHSALJK
I never understood the whole saying, "The only thing to come from Texas are steers and queers," since Texas is one of the most homophobic states in the Union.
pretty sure thats why its number one
im calling bullshit on yur whole face
Ohh man Heath was class, raw talent...RIP
Star Wars clip: "I know".. wasn't in the script in the beginning.. but the rewrote it because they didnt think that "I love you" suited Harrison fords character. Not improvised.
You're not very bright, are you? Many of these are well known improvised scenes...
Unscripted, improvised lines from famous films.﻿
5:42 is hilarious
'lost like tears in the rain.' best line ever. the whole speach is just fantastic.
I ate his liver with some fava beans and a nice chianti. Pfpfpfpfpf
bull shit on this whole video 
The Usual Suspects. Brilliant.
Joe Pesci, Goodfellas: "what do you want Henry the leg or the wing"
good video, good annotations 
i bet you can suck a golfball through a garden hose 
You gotta be good to keep a straight face and not laugh when R. Lee Ermey is screaming right in your face that you look like you could suck a golf ball through a garden hose.
bs, improv ideas should count, harrison ford improving shooting the swordsman in indiana jones instead of going through an elaborate swordfight...??!
I was enjoying it until "I know" - Starwars: Empire Strikes Back. It was not scripted, but what was scripted was not working. They tried for a while to get in in the can. Including scenario's like this would mean that almost every film ever made is full of fantastic Improv. Heath Ledger's movements were not "in the script" but were planned and discussed prior to camera roll. 
Lee Ermey is an amazing human being. :)
Lee Ermey is an amazing human being. :)
YOU FORGOT THE BIGUS DICKUS SCENE FROM LIFE OF BRIAN WHERE THE EXTRAS DIDNT KNOW ABOUT THE DIALOGUES AND THE COULDNT HELP LAUGHING.... 
Reading through some of these comments I'm wondering if maybe the confusion might be the difference between the definitions of "unscripted" and "improvised". I'm sure you're right about the movie scripts (personally, I'm more familiar with play scripts which tend to have minimal stage directions) having a lot more than just dialogue. But that doesn't mean a scene/aspects of a scene are improvised just because they're unscripted - the director might have directed it to be that certain way! :)
Too bad this is just films, the fresh prince of belair episode with Will's dad was golden man...
hey... wanna hear the most annoying sound in the world?
I'm just video hopping to procrastinate my homework at 12:17 at night... I have so much work...
Fuck these ads!!
To any of you who are confused about scripted and not, I encourage you to read movie script, it tells you what the characters are supposed to say and do, and where the camera is supposed to be, the setting, everything. In fact, after reading one, if you watch a movie you might get stuck thinking that you're reading everything that's happening, it's a trip!
No "Raging Bull"??
a wank!!
...cuz movie scripts are accessible to the public...
have u ever seen a movie script they have notes on the actors actions also, so yes actions can be unscripted
search for it on google see what you come up with
Have you ever read a script? Scripts contain more than just lines of dialogue. If the script doesn't indicate in any way what the Joker does or how he acts, then it's unscripted. 
Arnold's "I need a vacation", in Terminator 2 final scene at the steel factory.
You know that events and actions can also be on scripts, not just dialogue.
fred flintstones "yaba daba doo" was also unscripted
also: cracked dot com /article_20096_6-iconic-movie-scenes-that-happened-by-accident_p2.html
"I'm walking here" was scripted.
The greatest scene has to be when Harrison ford shot the swordsman in Indian jones. It was suppose to be this big fight scene whip vs sword but Harrison was sick and don't want to do it so he just shoots him and walks away
actions are scripted as well as words. its not always what they are saying. what they are doing is scripted as well
wtf's a reach around? lol!
I havent seen it but I agree with him
no, just your fav movie
Several of these I personally know to be famous for being unscripted. For example, the scene from A Clockwork Orange, the director said was too dark, so he told the actor to sing something. First song that came to mind was Singing in the Rain, and thus the scene was made. Or #3 from Taxi Driver. "You talking to me?" is a common phrase for actors to practice, so he just added that into the scene because he thought it fit.
Because you can easily find screenplays online and see that it wasn't written in the script. 
R. Lee was on his game in Full Metal Jacket. Classic !!!
"I bet you're the kind of guy that'll fuck someone in the ass and not even have the common courtesy to give them a reach around" Lol gold, fucking gold
huh, when?
Prove it
The joker was a beautifully played character, but I'm afraid there are better actors.
nicholson in the shining is iconic
yeah it's cool
only an underage kid could have said that 
hipster
Hanmehdafukinkehsyahcacksucka­whadahfuk 
The scene in Alien where the Alien pops out of the chest is quite cool because the girl with short hair(Lambert) looks terrified. They have said it was real emotions because they never realy told the actors exactly what was going to happen and how much fake blood they could get on themselves. She have said after that she was very scared then. 
WARRIURZ, COME OUT TO PLAYAY
The Joker, over rated beyond all belief. 
MR. BLONDE OH MY GOD
My favorite improvise scene from a movie was from Pretty Woman when Richard Gere's character Edward, offers Vivianne the necklace and shuts the box on her fingers and Viv burst out laughing.
No Indy shooting the swordman in the Raiders of the Lost Ark????? Hell, I was expecting that to be the #1!
The bunk bed falling down on Will Ferrell in Step Brothers was unscripted too! The screams of John C Reily calling for help are real!
The taxi one with Hoffman is amazing knowing that the cab drivers reactions are real, or maybe he was trying to get into the movie, who knows.
You Missed Star Trek: The Voyage Home and the random woman who talks to Chekov and Uhura and tells them where to find the "Nuclear Wessels" 
Thats Knocked Up isnt it, not 40 years old virgin? 
What about. "Welcome to prime time, BITCH!" from freddy krueger 3:Dream Warriors
In the "Good Will Hunting" scene, you can see the camera facing Matt Damon's character (Will) shaking up and down and he's laughing. This was because the camera man himself couldn't stop laughing at the improvised scene.
"I BET YOU'RE THE KIND OF GUY THAT WOULD FUCK A GUY IN THE ASS AND NOT HAVE THE GOD-DAMN-COMMON COURTESY TO GIVE HIM A REACH AROUND. I'll be watching you"
i wasn't expecting much when coming on to this video but wow that blew my mind :O jut goes to show why an actor get paid as much as he does but also the most iconic scenes actually showed the emotions of the actors WOW ! 
i wasn't expecting much when coming on to this video but wow that blew my mind :O jut goes to show why an actor get paid as much as he does but also the most iconic scenes actually showed the emotions of the actors WOW ! 
Where was the awkward Voldemort hug? 
I dunno.. somehow i'm missing the whole "Miss Daisy" dialogue from Bad Boys; the one that (according to Mr. Bays DVD commentary) really p**ed off Martin Lawrance 
I don't think the Joker one should be on here; what he did was the expected reaction from the Joker and is not far beyond the usual improvisational acting. Not to say he did not make a fantastic performance. For me the best one is Rutger Hauer's line from Blade Runner; it is possible the best line in the entire film, as it adds to the whole "are they human or not" theme.
Actually... your atheist mythology is showing. America's founders were all Christians, except for Thomas Paine & Ethan Allen. The USA skyrocketed to greatness as a Christian nation, and remains one of the most Christian of all nations. Say thank you, ingrate.
Dustin Hoffman in Midnight Cowbow was a really good improvisation :)
"yawn..." Tell me the one about how snuffing out the human species will allow "spaceship Earth" to go "back to nature". Then go back to sleep, princess.
you're tripping on drugs and heath ledger sympathy if you think that was the better then the warriors come out to play scene
This list was pretty accurate for me.
How is the joker best one?? Cuz the dude died, hes sudenly the best?? Give me a break... 
Dustin Hoffman, genius.
Warriors. Best movie ever, and unscripted line, apparently.
It's kind of sad,actually. Why bother arguing religion on Youtube? This is why I don't mention religion (agnostic atheist) because you get parties from both sides (theists and atheists) who are completely far fetched and idiotic =P
Bane: "What a lovely, lovely voice."
how do you know they were unscripted?
@sacman68 I never noticed this, but did u see the drill instructor all most break character and crack up laughing???
has any 1 actually read all these comments it goes up for like a page lol
"Do you suck dicks? Are you a peeter puffer? I bet your the kinda guy that would fuck a person in the ass and not even have the God damn common courtesy to give him a reach around, I'll be watchin you!" 
R Lee Ermey. The Boss! 
WHY ARE PEOPLE TALKING ABOUT RELIGION?! Gah, every video...
Actually... many of the forefathers were atheists... Ponder that one Sherlock.
too bad wyxzekj doesn't exist.
*yawn* tell me the one about how evolution was invented by the devil
was the Dark Night's hospital scene unscripted?
"Gimme the fuckin' keys you cocksuck'a what the fuck..." Best delivered line in a movie ever.
Shit! you missed the "Do you think i'm funny? funny how?" part in goodfellas, by Joe Pesci and Ray Liotta, otherwise would have been a perfect compilation :(
And that extra was Billy Crystal's mother.
harison fords gun scene in the 2nd indiana jones movie should have been in this one 
As much as Bigger Boat is one of the best, I'd say the most powerful is... All those moments lost, like tears in the rain.... The best... Ford, Hauer, BladeRunner.. Oh no, OMG, I just smelt it.. Someone's gonna make a BR Remake soon.. As long as they remain true.. Decker Is not A Replicant.. 
+1 for the Steelers Wheel 
Actually, the scene in The Usual Suspects was like that because Benicio couldn't stop farting.
That extra was the mother of one of the actors. 
It was the directors mother, the woman who says it.
 You're missing bill Murray on ghostbusterd. Most of the iconic lines were improvised 
And after watching this, it hit me why I love Michael J. Fox's line in "Back To The Future Part 2" when he crosses the street and yells: "I'm walking here!! I'm walking!..." Epic moment for me :-)
the joker. best one
Lame
"Take the cannoli" was improvised? Holy shit thats awesome, makes The Godfather even better
full metal jacket... "I BET UR THE KIND OF GUY THAT WOULD FUCK SOMEONE IN THE ASS AND NOT EVEN HAVE THE GOD DAMN CURTSY TO GIVE HIM A REACH AROUND" i was laughing for 10 minutes straight! 
I love Dustin Hoffman's performance in Midnight Cowboy. Finally knowing him having that real fight with the cab driver was really fun to watch. It was so great that they added his sudden feelings at that moment.
They left out goodfellaas
where the hell is tommy from goodfellas saying "Am i funny?"
It is not unscripted there was a longer fight plan but it was to hot for the actors, so the scene was change that harrison ford just shot him instead. It was changed by the director during filming hence it was added to the script. 
the extra was the director's mother
Iron man was unscripted 
That's from Knocked Up, not 40-year old virgin
The john travolta and uma thurman dance in pulp fiction. Quentin just showed them an old french movie to replicate, but the dancing was pretty much created in the spot.
You don't have to read the whole script to find one line.
Amazing to note that some of the most iconic lines were unscripted. Really cool stuff. Thanks!
how is "WE LANDED ON THE MOON" from dumb & dumber not in this!! all unscripted. cheers though lots i didnt know about
how is "WE LANDED ON THE MOON" from dumb & dumber not in this!! all unscripted. cheers though lots i didnt know about
classic!
Thank you! ;D
Well deduced Sherlock.... Some of us don't have the time or the inclination to read through 25 movie scripts though... I bet you do... Clever Bollocks...
pesci in goodfellas
You can read the script.. if it isn't in the script but in the film one can deduce it was unscripted. 
If you have one of the movie on DVD then the easiest thing is to check if it has any extra's on it like this. If not, you can always try to search for it yourself on google. No one said getting to the truth is easy. PS. another unscripted scene is the one in Lord of the Rings, The Two Towers, where Aragorn, Gimli and Legolas find the burnt pile of orc corpses and think the 2 hobbits are in them, aragorn kicks the helmet and falls down screaming. He actually broke 2 of his toes. 
You forgot the nude scene in Titanic where Leonardo Dicaprio points towards the couch and says "The bed... The couch", where the "The bed"-part of the line was a mistake and not in the script.
Don't wanna be a party pooper here, but how do we know these scenes were not scripted??
3:55- what's this stuff in this box?- ...that's about $2 000 an oz.- Really?! What is the kick of it? which I never...ahchoo!!!﻿
i love mr. blonde!!! is that weird?! he's so awesome and nuts!
The Bill Murray "Cinderella Story" monologue was ENTIRELY unscripted, according to director Harold Ramis: google "harold ramis newyorker caddyshack"
That was Carl Reiner's (the director) mother
Leo's scene in Django where he cuts his hand was amazingly improvised. 
'No way! That's great. WE LANDED ON THE MOON!' was the best and funniest improvised scene from Dumb and Dumber when Jim Carrey leaves the hotel bar and sees the moon landing article.
Was that unscripted? I know they had a whole fight scene planned and I think Spielberg thought it was too much and decided to shorten it. Did Harrison Ford come up with the idea to just shoot the guy? The swordsman was pissed because he thought the scene would be more epic and he ended up just getting shot. LOL. 
That actually was not improvised. Harrison was sick so he asked the director if he could just shoot the swordsman.
2:37 i remember that shit... epic
Yeah, many of the greatest unscripted film moments come from actors accidentally hurting themselves. Robert De Niro broke Joe Pesci's ribs in Raging Bull. And of course, we have the famous scene from Apocalypse Now where an intoxicated Martin Sheen broke a mirror and cut his had. That scene wasn't even meant to be in the film.
@sheeplordsenior Yeah that was a great scene, he was supposed to have a big fight with him but fell ill I've heard.
NEW LISTS DOT COM!!!!!!
Well Ermy was a drill instructor......So I am not surprised!! 
That is one of the best observations I've read in a long time!
Your witless slogan is no one else's embarrassment. Nor does it address the fascist bent of your atheist comrade's dogma that I just exposed. Nor the required historical illiteracy to have fallen for it. Atheism -- the pride & gaiety of ignorant dullards.
Harrison Ford was very sick that day and they had a sequence planned out for that. Because of Harrison's fever / sickness an idea came up to just shoot the sword guy and wrap the scene for the day. It was a call out of necessity as Harrison couldn't go through with the original scene. It ended up being incredibly effective and memorable on the big screen.
That scene wasn't improvised while the cameras were rolling. It wasn't in the script, but my understanding is that Ford thought of the idea while they were staging the scene...I don't know how the orignal scene was meant to end, but it couldn't have been better than what he came up with. 
That was fromFull Metal Jacket - Gunny Sgt Hartman - R. Lee Ermey
22, that's not "The 40 Year Old Virgin", it's "Knocked Up"
I removed it, it was a bit more trollish than I really am.
The internet is where religion comes to die. Please stop embarrassing yourself.
Agreed and it is a heck of a good story to boot.
Nice
"it's people, not religion" Now try to convince the other atheists, whose proselytism consists mostly of blaming the world's problems on "religion". And those "science and technology fields" were almost all FOUNDED by Christians. Sadly, the political institution, like The Academy of Science, are stuffed full of atheists. Indeed, it's an unwritten prerequisite, as atheists tend to do whenever & everywhere they commandeer authority. So much for your claims to sanity. And to knowledge.
A nation is depicted by its citizenry, not by limitations we place on government; on the hired help. We are as we were founded, a Christian nation. And the REASON the citizenry of the USA so limited their government is BECAUSE they are Christian. Whereas, for example, Muslims & Atheists establish theirs by government force. Oh, and speaking of research, ironically, that treaty you quote-mined was the USA's first attempt at a diplomatic solution to the Muslim supremacists warring against us.
Do you suck cock, Private Pile? Sir! No sir! BULLSHIT I BET YOU CAN SUCK GOLF BALLS THROUGH A GARDEN HOSE!
Yeah, Viggo Mortensen is a hell of an actor. You can notice it in "A History of Violence".
Some of the best lines ever!
"I'll have what she's having" was apparently improvised by an extra.
Lmao @ "full metal jacket" and Lee Ermy ...
These are awesome, I envy the talent and creativity of some people.
"The Shinning" lol
Cheech and Chong did an improvisation in the car with the dog shit joint, but that might not be in everyone's taste. Back then in the 70's that was fking hilarious. 
Also, during a scene when knives were thrown at him, they weren't meant to even come that close. One almost hit him but he deflected it with the sword.
Well no shit what have we got here, a fuckin comedian, private Joker. I admire your honesty, hell I like you. You can come over to my house and fuck my sister
It strikes me that these are mostly individual unscripted lines, not unscripted scenes.
funny fact: R. Lee Ermey is not an actor, but an actual drill sergeant brought on the set to supervise the actor who would be playing the drill sergeant...in the end, kubrick couldn't find an actor who played the sergeant as well as Ermey so he just gave him the role.
thats not 40 Year old Virgin... thats Knocked Up
i can't stop laughing at number 1
..whos the slimy little communist shit ...
shut the fuck up u dumb ass mofo
shut the fuck up u dumb ass mofo
Isn't it funny that all the Hollywood asswholes tells everyone how to live, as they live and do what they don't preach? What a bunch of ASSWHOLES! I Hate Progressive/Liberals/Socialist/Communist. 
we find him and kill him.
Do you suck dicks?!
He's trying to say that it's people, not religion or non-religion that have primarily caused these problems. Also, the science and technology fields are made up of very many non-christians, so you're last point is irrelevant and comes off a little crazy. I seriously hope you're just arguing for the sake of arguing, and aren't actually serious.
2:40, IS THAT THE SULLY THAT JOHN MATRIX KILLS IN COMMANDO?!
wow. 4 kubrick films probably from his ridiculous amount of retakes, the actors started to improvise 
Your cited "atheistic governments" also were quick to use religious zeal on the part of the people. The Russian Orthodox church was a vital tool in Stalin's regime. Hitler was a Catholic (as were most Nazi soldiers), and the Vatican was complicit in the events of the Holocaust (to say nothing of its role in the slave trade). The U.S. gov't slaughtered millions of natives and enslaved millions of Africans. Get off your high horse.
"The Government of the United States is not, in any sense, founded on the Christian religion." -- Treaty of Tripoli, Article 11 [1797] Signed into law by John Adams, Founding Father and 2nd U.S. President. Passed the Senate unanimously. BTW, you might want to do some research into what nasty business Christian organizations have been getting up to in the past several centuries. Then again, that would require learning, and religion rather frowns upon that sort of thing.
I wanted to comment about the religious debate... "WHY HERE. WHY," then as I kept going through the reply chain that was THE FIRST COMMENT. I hate everything
The last clip was from a fantastic movie called "Full Metal Jacket" I highly recommend you watch it =) WARNING : It has foul language and some inappropriate scenes. But, i'm not talking about s*x and stuff just like some minor things. 
You equivocate the extermination of 100,000,000 innocent civilians by their own atheist governments in a matter of decades, here in the modern world, with the tens of thousands who died during 300 yrs of battle when Christians tried to reclaim lost ground from the Muslims, over a thousand years ago? All you enjoy in life, from iPods to your liberty to use them, is a product of the Christian West, which also served as sanctuary for victims of atheist rulers, from Stalin to Castro.
@WeCameAskingTheDevil that takes some serious dedication. i have a friend who broke her toe after doing a high school on stage performance. Her character was supposed to be barefoot, so she took off her had to take off her splint and dance on stage. theatre can be tough, thats all i have to say.
theocratic governments have caused quite a bit of strife themselves, including those based upon Christianity. Ever heard of the crusades? I think we can boil the awful acts that societies have committed throughout the centuries, to the people themselves. We can all agree that, from birth, humans are driven by self-interest, and often such an ideal will control a people's actions, regardless of religion, geography and culture, there will be civilizations that commit horrible atrocities.
Mom left the computer on again? 
Youre here because youre bored arent you?
Now aren't ye a wee bit hostile, I'm just bloody saying, the morons ye are arguing with lack the knowledge to understand a word ye're saying... I'm not the enemy here... but if ye want me to bugger off, so be it... Atheists hate me enough as it is... I wish everybody a goodnight/day... bloody hell, I wish ye all a good life... 
@2:23 had me dying laughing.....
Whatever the hell you're babbling about, "fellow atheist", there's nothing scientific about atheist devotees. Now, why would you shoehorn the atheists' favorite caricature into a thread that has nothing whatsoever to do with it? And why would you distract, and try to silence those who exposes atheist lunacy if you weren't here to shill for atheists? Seriously, find a less pathetic way to whine about that which you claim is pointless. Better yet, take your own advice and STFU. "Fellow".
I ask you, fellow Christian, to drop this intriguing argument, because, as interesting as I find it, I do not think you can sway the minds of these "scientific" followers, and the argument shall end moot... Though if any Evolutionist Atheist is to read this comment, I'd like to point out that evolution is for the most part, impossible when it comes to certain animals, proving that they wouldn't exist if evolution did take place... further more, it'd probably be best not to waste time on them...
Dude gets run over in mad max, unscripted but they kept it in
Didn't know him, best recommendation this year so far, thank you sir.
allow me to direct you to this video /watch?v=rxTbdj2c61c
Ok
yes
Does unscripted mean the actor just thought of the lines on the spot?
In Life of Brian Michael Palin, improvised the Emporer's wife scene.. 
I can't believe you didnt add eddy murphy's dialog Imn Beverly Hills cop, come on
Not a bad list at all, and i'm so pleased to see Gunny at No1.
nice nice
R. Lee Ermey is a freaking genius. 
Add in the scene from Raiders of the Lost Ark where Harrison Ford takes his gun out and just shoots the enemy while hes twirling his sword.
chuck norris like this.
R Lee Ermey is in this video.... What is wrong with people today!?!?
2:00 unexpectewd 
I know, I was just making a joke out of it xP
um.....he didnt delete the comment...
WHO THE FUCK SAID THAT? WHO'S THE COMMUNIST, TWINKLE-TOED, COCKSUCKER DOWN HERE, WHO JUST SIGNED HIS OWN DEATH WARRANT?
Why sir i think he did. If you only knew that he would rip your head off and shit down your neck.
Can't waste good cannoli. 
Pretty harsh comment but I was close. I just remember stuff said about the movie many years ago when it came out when I was little I haven't done any thorough research before my comment... Now, for me to brutally insult the shize out of ya. I wonder exactly if your parents should have been sterile, you do no know in many states inbreeding is illegal. I'm sure your mother/aunt & father/uncle were thinking "Incest is the best!"... Apparently not. I hope you get syphilis go crazy & die. :)
Well, the way movies are made, they are not done in chronological order, he really did get shot, and died, but 2 stunt man did some of the scenes in the movie. I only remember what I heard when this movie came out years ago. But I was close!
the reason i know was unscripted was because harrison ford thought that there was no fucking way his character would say i love you 2
thank you..
Also, Viggo Mortensen that played Aragorn in The Lord of the Rings broke a couple toes kicking a helmet and acted out the pain, and broke half his tooth in a sword fight, and kept on with the scene.
I see all sorts of comments on other great scenes. I think you should do 25 more great unscripted scenes using the suggestions.
What the hell are you talking about exactly? Like, every movie of hollywood? o.O
I know, read the previous comments to understand what I mean ;) Most Atheïst don't believe in a god or more gods since they rely on science, so... 
please let him have it he dosed understand how good R.Lee ermey is i wish i had him as a Drill instructor back in boot you can Feel the Strength in his voice 
it was like at the end of the movie when he got shot he just played the part i don't think anyone but him Knew he got shot if you looked up the info man almost everything says how he died like his father on the set of a movie.
it was like at the end of the movie when he got shot he just played the part i don't think anyone but him Knew he got shot if you looked up the info man almost everything says how he died like his father on the set of a movie.
I found info about Brandon Lee dying during the making of the film, but nothing about him making the last scene while hurt, after being shot... Where did you find that information?
That scene was the best example of how a person was actually treated in basic training. There was no Hollywood bullshit added, just him and his experience as a real life drill instructor. 
As you keep demonstrating, atheist, there are none more "over-devout" than the bigots of atheism. In fact, some of them even make a living proselytizing their feral hatreds of those who dissent. You admitted to quoting one, remember? At least we're in agreement that your comments are silly; that your theology of nothingness REQUIRES you to publicly debase yourself, and to brag about doing so. Your demonstrated idiocies, whether real or just a ruse, is no one else's "living contradiction".
nice vid m8 enjoyed it
The film at 22 was called "banged up" when i watched it on the television the other day. 
That's taking "Method acting" to the extreme!
typical christian, misinterpreting and misquoting: "replying seriously" Plus i find it insulting that you're calling me an atheist, never said i was. plus you still haven't found the definition i see (more relevant than that), if not you would stop being that smug. I'll give you a hand: Bigot from the German 'bei gott', or 'by god' in English. in Italian bigotto is still used as a term to define someone over-devout. Living contradiction eheh
I'm surprised that the Indiana Jones "sword fight" scene where he pulls out the gun isn't in here.
That's not remotely accurate, you moron. Not footage of the accident was included in any cuts of the movie. I hope you're sterile. 
Well then, tell us in your own words why you find this video aesthetically lacking.
"I'll start replying" You haven't STOPPED replying, nitwit. So much for your claims of literacy. But keep threatening to post something relevant, atheist.
DId... did you just call R. Lee Ermey bullshit!?! 
He was an actual drill sargeant. They hired him as a consultant for the role but didn't like the guy they had to play it, so they asked him if he'd do it instead, and he pretty much imporvised almost everything he said in the movie. Since then he's gotten a lot of major roles in other films.
Idiot is who idiot does... I'll start replying seriously when you find out the etymology of bigot. Bigotto!!
Don't know how many times I haven't had a reach around from a guy :(
i know , i suppose they had those bottles just knocking about in car ( the warriors )
What part of Full Metal Jacket was unscripted?
I could not keep a straight face to save my life.
"homophobic" Thank you for demonstrating my point. "More and more people are seeing through your theological delusions" As they did immediately preceding their genocidal mayhem; Lenin, Mao, Pol Pot and Castro. Frantically snuffing out innocent human life -- 100,000,000 in just a few decades -- shutting down the engines of humanity, terminating all technological progress and liberty too ... so very "enlightened". Keep bragging, atheist.
One does And that was a badly placed meme my friend.
"i never said i was an atheist" You never said you were an idiot either. (Never presume the reader shares your lack of insight.)
My reply to you wasn't a quarrel, but rather a suggestion of a more insightful way of understanding the world around you. As for your "I'm okay, you're okay" mindset, that too steers clear of any insight with which rational distinctions can be made. In the case of atheism vs. Christianity, that equivocation is depraved. In their brief debut, modern atheist governments have exterminated about a hundred million of their own innocent civilians, and snuffed out all progress & individual liberty.
If you're relying on scientific proof, then you're not athiest. That would make you secularist.
Nope. You're comparing apples and oranges. Similar themes, but different situations altogether. This isn't a war; this is a bunch of people on the internet that feed off of each other's sarcasm and arguing. Is that a bad way to look at it? It's just my opinion.
You mean more films after the crow? Cause he died after filming the crow, but finished the movie while shot.
r lee erney you fucking legend
I accept that historically men and women of faith have done a lot of good, but there has been a lot of bad aswell. There's dirt in everything, and religion-or lack there of-is no different. I'm a nihilist, you are evidently a christian(it was the chi rho that gave it away hehe :p); however what that means of us as individuals...you got me on that one. If you're a cool person I don't care where your allegiances lie, no need to disturb the peace when we have no quarrel. 
Michael Madsen in Reservoir Dogs = Epic!
Great reasoning. Did fighting back against the Nazis in World War 2 make the allies just as bad as Nazis? I feel bad rejecting an argument from somebody who used the term "proverbial internet drama"?! Lol.
He never filmed after getting shot.
The caption on the Usual Suspects is incorrect. That was actually a blooper that was used for the film. You see, prior to them all going up and saying their lines Benecio Del Torro laid an enormous fart, so all the actors were having a hard time not laughing, which you can see in the film, so instead of being serious when they said the "Give me the keys" line they were doing it wrong on purpose, and the directed decided to use the footage in the movie... (no joke, that's the real story)
Adding fuel to the proverbial internet drama fire makes you just as bad as them.
You're a very sad individual aren't you? It's interesting that gun toting, god bothering, homophobic, simpletons that permeate society in the USA feel the need to spout their bile on the internet. Fortunately, your kind are the best argument against having such ideologies because your ignorance is on full display. More and more people are seeing through your theological delusions of superiority, and in time people like you will be just be considered a bad memory amongst the enlightened.
the number 22. is not 40 year old virgin... it's actually "Knocked Up"
Great list but the "you're a funny guy" scene from Goodfellas has to be in there!
"Here's looking at you kid" from Casablanca was unscripted ? Bryan Ferry would be surprised
do you even know what bigoted means? you seem to have great rhetoric, but have no real understanding of what the words that you write mean. plus i never said i was an atheist...oops
The Midnight Cowboy scene, actually there were no filming signs, the producers could not get permits to film from the city hall, so they used hidden cameras while filming this and they had to get the time when they walk right so it was really an accident waiting to happen
Heath Ledger was pure genius
huh? 
how can u forgot pulp fiction jesus
Nice compilation!
Ha ha! I love that other people care about that. They talk a lot about Mortensen being a little crazy (in a good way) in the special features. There's one anecdote, where he chipped a tooth and he wanted to superglue it back in so they could keep filming! SUPERGLUE! I love it!
LOL That was great stuff. I thought they might have included the scene from Stir Crazy with Pryor and Wilder where the go into jail doing the "We bad" improv lol. One of my favorites. 
I'm not entirely sure why the scene from "Being John Malkovich" is in here. I was not aware that it was that significant of a movie.
Yes, but everyone knows the phrase "Here's looking at you, kid," whether they know it is from "Casablanca" or not.
Awesome. Thank you.
what the fuck this nigga on about
Brandon Lee's performance in The Crow. He actually got shot, and did the last scene dying of shock. 
Brandon Lee's performance in The Crow. He actually got shot, and did the last scene dying of shock. 
holy shit the last one wasn't scripted that part had me laughing when i first saw it 
17, 16 and 3 lmao
Full Metal Jacket. One of the greatest military movies of all time. The best Drill Sargent Line from that movie is "The best part of you dripped down your momma's ass crack, and became a brown stain on the mattress!" 
That may be so, but I'd recognize Anthony Hopkins's Lecter hiss before I'd recognize that line from Casablanca. It's been parodied and replicated numerous times. 
1. This video is pretty cool. 2. Mew or whoever needs to moderate this comment section. Rev. Bossman is a disgrace. 3. I should not have drank that Icee. *mudbutt*
Unlike you. You have it all figured out...I'm Sonsof13Anarchy, I'm not an Atheist nor do I believe in God....I'm cooler than that...I'm above you all!!!...I'm the guy who plays to the gallery ...I'm the person that distills life down to..".whatever bro'." Get back to your wrestling videos and bulling the smaller kids at your school out of their lunch money..Twit!
great list, but the line from Casablanca is one of the most famous in film history, how isn't that #1?
So you can get 11 thumbs up from people that..well...think like you.
It was neither a complaint nor innate...merely an observation born of empirical observation... you are Cretin. What you ( our indeed your ilk ) think of me matters not a wit. Good people will out..your kind will do, as they have always done, make life as unbearable as then can for themselves and anybody else who doesn't toe their line ( The "Line" of course being stupid ). Having said that I must add ...Fuck off and once you're there fuck off some more!..
(Cont) So how exactly you make the leap from condemning some of Planned Parenthood's and the Pro Choice movement's philosophy, to condemning Science as a whole, I'll never know. It's a completely illogical leap. 
Planned Parenthood was indeed derived from a eugenics mindset; you are correct. And that mentality, as a result of its link with planned parenthood and the abortion issue, has unfortunately subtly infected liberalism today. As someone who considers himself "progressive", this is an issue that seriously bothers me about modern day liberalism, and it is why I lean pro life, despite my progressive views on nearly everything else. But this is an ideological and liberalism issue, not a scientific one
I love the drill sergeant's line, how tall are you? 5 foot 9 I didn't know the stacked sh*t that high. XD
Full Metal Jacket. It's been the inspiration for a lot of other stuff since then. Great movie.
Bill Hicks was a bigot because his routines were hateful rants against Christians, not because he "ain't no believer". When the atheists who run that industry start hiring comedians to do stand-up routines of hateful rants against the diseased and violent lifestyle choice of homosexuality, and no one calls them bigots, then your claims can be considered valid. Until then, not so much.
Full Metal Jacket directed by Stanley Kubrick. It's a classic. Every military movie copied its format.
Full Metal Jacket 
anybody knows the name of the last movie?
Matt damons was my fav.. an actor who can improv something so emotional like that is a very talented one
heheheh atheist bigot. just cuz he ain't a believer in the traditional religious sense doesn't mean he ain't a believer. he ain't no bigot....... rofl
Nice lol
how the fuck do you get into a religious fight on a funny video? God damn! Both of you need to shut the fuck up
R. Lee Ermey's line makes me laugh every fucking time. If I went to the armed forces, I would never have survived a week if he was my drill sergeant.
Whoa seriously? Pick up a fucking book some time--eugenics is alive and well, and in fact even more broadly and aggressively carried out today than at any other point in history. It's a lot more clandestine now, and the media doesn't openly call it "eugenics," but it's everywhere. Planned Parenthood is a notable modern eugenics program, regardless of where you stand on the abortion issue.
0:29 ah jim you never cease to amaze
I love this. I always said improvisation makes the best acting. I should know I was a fulltime background actor in Hollywood for 3 years.
Your "point", borrowed from your bigoted atheist comrade, was never in question. I merely pointed out its poetic irony; atheists seeking sanctuary in Christianity. Go back to sleep.
there was also a scene in the fellowship where him and lurtz were fighting... that was a real knife thrown at his face
The Full Metal Jacket Intro scene (last) has to be one of my top 5 favorite movie intros of all time...it is soooo priceless. Look it up if you haven't seen it...I have the dvd now!
Perfecttttt!
.22 was actually from knocked up. they were re inacting a seen they did for 40 year old virgin.
Quick point: From what I have heard on the A Clockwork Orange scene, Kubrick was unsatisfied and wanted a song. McDowell stated that the only song he knew by heart was Singin' in the Rain. Because of that, McDowell made an extremely uncomfortable scene magnificently so much more horrific.
wow someone has a thesaurus. lol
...........aaaaaaand you just proved my point! thanks, i can go to bed now. plus i think calling hicks a bigot is an oxymoron, but that's just an atheist's opinion, you shouldn't trust me, i'm evil. x
Forget all that religious talk below. Can someone tell me how the OP knows these are unscripted? Not that I dont believe him, but how did he know?
I have no love for the proud bigots proselytizing atheism, be it under the guise of comedy, or otherwise.
The post you call "idiotic" has nothing to do with your "open" measure. Neither do my theological notions change the point of the comment you're complaining about. However, history shows that atheism is certainly more "open" to the genocidal political notions to which it so reliably devolves. That may be a good thing if you're an eco-socialist, but not if you're sane and lack the abject depravity of atheism.
i heart you too
what is it then? the opposite? you love bill hicks then, glad we agree on that. :) x
Proffering one-liner caricatures is certainly one way to organize your notions. Another would be to learn the lessons of history regarding the effects each had on their respective cultures. The Christian West is the source of virtually all the advances an benefits you enjoy in every aspect and facet of the human experience, and the destination and sanctuary for all those fortunate to escape from all the others.
That was are rather idiotic comment. Sure atheist are ignorent to reject religion and things but really? Is religion any more open than one who rejects it? What do you really believe in. Are you a agnostic a Christian a religious person? 
"i'm quoting bill hicks" Admitting that my point regarding irony is traceable to a professional atheist bigot who was promoted by an industry run by atheist bigots isn't quite the rebuttal you believe it to be. It is, however, a further validation of my point, which by the way, isn't "hating".
Atheism: The truer it is the less it matters Christianty: The truer it is the more frightening it is Islam: ^ Judaism: ^ Pagan religions: Aside from the sacrafices which are outdated by now...meh Eastern religions: They're cool I guess Nihilism: Perhaps there's just...nothing? Sad to some, but it doesn't boast such amazing claims Absurdism: Perhaps it means nothing but I bet you we can find something higher right? Agnostisism: Maybe there's something more maybe not... 
actually Flanders i'm quoting bill hicks, quite the opposite. 'Hey you! come her!!!' while pushing away. Why don't you prove your faith to everyone and start loving instead of hating. Then we can actually start real progress. peace! x
The irony of atheists seeking sanctuary in Christian culture is poetic. The best joke against atheism is atheists.
if you're a christian, then forgive us for being atheist.
what about the jaws Indianapolis speech scene, that's one of those epic unscripted moments
hahaha what are u talking about? rasoning has nothing to do whit belive in sommething, are u trying to put other names in to faith? <.<
"... take a few people and generalize them to ..." This thread was started by an atheist who did just that, so even by your silly measure, "this discussion" disproves your claim of victory, as hilarious as that is all by itself. In the future, when you BRAG about atheists being "the ones", don't complain when "the ones" are identified. Take another week to ponder it all, atheist.
Where is the scene from "Rain man" when D.Hoffman accidently farts in phone booth ?
Where is the scene from "Rain man" when D.Hoffman accidently farts in phone booth ?
Don't be so hard on yourself, atheist. Your inability to articulate any reasoning for your witless complaint isn't innate, but rather an inevitability of your theological void.
That last line about the reach around is probably my favorite movie quote.
You forgot the Patriot!
Great list!
This is not an accurate depiction of what are "unscripted" or "improvised"... For example:@4:02, the truth is "Alvy scatters a trove of cocaine with an accidental sneeze: although not in the script, the joke emerged from a rehearsal happenstance and stayed in the movie. In audience testing, this laugh was so big that a re-edit had to add a hold so that the following dialogue was not lost"."
Leave da gun.. take the canole
curious, how do you know it's that true? 
I was watching that scene from Saving Private Ryan and me and my girlfriend were discussing how it didn't seem like something that would be scripted, guess we were right
thats nothing in Disturbia the scene where david morse and shia labouf fight, david morse broke 3 fingers but kept acting until it was finished.
If they went all the way back to Casablanca, they really should have covered the scene in Indiana Jones where Henry Ford shot the Arabian swordsman. He was supposed to have an elaborate fight scene with his whip there. 
There's a scene in "The Two Towers", when Aragorn thinks the hobbits are dead. He kicks a helmet and lets out this guttural scream. Viggo Mortensen actually broke his toe, but rather than stopping the scene he just used the pain to fuel his performance.
Hard to do when this was uploaded in 2011.
where is johhny depp and his jar of dirt!
but I remember this scene, and I've never seen knocked up :P I don't really care though, just sayin'
Breathless should be here, the scene in which a pedestrian asks jean paul belmondo for fire, and he gives the guy money instead, saying: buy some matches. that was a real pedestrian (yeah the shoot the movie without extras and shit like that), it wasn't in the script. but yeah, only american movies, of course... 
Uneducated Cretin
the last one was funnyyy
The fart one was the best! XD
Pretty sure the 4th movie is actually Knocked Up 
This is really great! One other great unscripted scene is in Clue with Ms.White says "I hate him so much that flames....flames on the side of my face....heaving, breathing" She forgot her line but kept going with it. 
Where is Mongo knocking down the horse in Blazing Saddles! XD
one does not simply scream in pain and make it sound like acting
the game over man line from aliens was my favorite line in the movie and it was unscripted. fucking excellent.
The other thing you didn't mention on The Usual Suspects clip was that they all kept on laughing because Benicio Del Toro had gas throughout the entire scene.
When Aragorn kicks the Uruk Hai's helmet in the two towers, he broke two toes and the shout he made with the pain was the best one he did. So they kept it. I think thats pretty good acting if you ask me.
Now you take a few people and generalize them to some billions. You can't be much more of a fool to do that. Your last comment didn't really say something, so I guess this discussion is won by the "atheïsts"... AGAIN...
You Django Unchained? Yeah, that scene was well done indeed.
You are ignorant. How are you going to even talk like you know anything about the military when you have no idea what branch is even depicted in the last scene.
Your right, a drill SERGEANTS can proably make a pussy ass army soldier. A drill INSTRUCTOR as you see here, Gunnery Sergeant R. Lee Ermey, did make a fucking awesome Marines. 
hrhr. i say: let everyone accusing soldiers of pussyfication run around in full combat gear for a day. And then give their speech about how soldiers are pussys.
"do you suck the dicks?"
so what was harrison ford supposed to say when his head shot was taken?
absolute favorite, "here's looking at you kid" by Humphrey Bogart. 
how dare you!?
22 is wrong its knocked up
Later on in A Clockwork Orange, F. Alexander recognizes Alex by his "singing in the rain." Did they rewrite the script or something? 
What about from Armageddon, when Bruce Willis read off requests from the miners for going into space? Everything Bruce read to the government guy was unscripted, including the no more paying taxes part.
Ha, I did NOT know that all those classic scenes were improvised..."only steers and queers come from Texas" XD
hi matt cocklicker!
Id like to see you call them pussies to there faces 
true, but they wrent as tough as they were back then
yeah they would beat you in how to write fucking englishdog breath
I thought this was 25 Greatest Unscripted Scenes, not 25 Greatest Unscripted Lines and Actions. 
What about the scene in the lord of the rings: the two towers where Aragorn kicked a helmet towards the camera and in doing so breaking his toe but instead of calling a cut just using that pain to put down an impressive emotional response
they are not allowed to hit you now or they lose there job but they can abuse you in every other way possible.
That was great. 
no, because then the flying spaghetti monster would be proven true, as you would be running from it, making and quote "If everything were true until disproven" invalid.
number one is the best line in any comedy
People have to realize improv in movies isn't always where they do things in front of the camera just randomly that no one knew was gonna happen. A lot of the time it simply "wasn't in the script" meaning they thought it up and talked it through with the director on the set and time of shooting.
People have to realize improv in movies isn't always where they do things in front of the camera just randomly that no one knew was gonna happen. A lot of the time it simply "wasn't in the script" meaning they thought it up and talked it through with the director on the set and time of shooting.
Apparently, not only was the "Give me the fucking keys!" line unscripted but the laughing hysterically was due to one of them farting and it stunk so bad they couldn't help but laugh. 
You can almost guarantee that if R Lee Ermey is in a movie he wrote is own lines, and he did almost in almost every film or TV show. 
Our drill sergeants are still like this...but none so iconic as The Sarge. But with all the suicides these days...not even mentioning the military...I suggest you shove that crap back up your ass....the America's Toilet is clogged...and Obama holds the Royal Plunger. Kindness is worth a golden penny these days....and Gold nowadays is worth $
If everything were true until disproven, I'd be running from the flying spaghetti monster right now.
no I get you.... but what they do is, if you are a fuck up, and they cant get you to shape up... they fuck your buddies over for you so they get pissed at you. However, if you are an older person, they tend to give you leadership roles anyways, and expect you to be the older and mature one. So they kind of have a style for different people at different ages.
The attack the DI was in was when his OP was attacked in an insurgent offensive, himself and several other marines were caught on a roof top and started taking heavy small arms/RPGs. He went out into the open while being shot at to get two fellow Marines who were wounded in the firefight, continued to lead his Marines, and destroyed a building the insurgents were using as a hideout, from what he told me. Not sure if thats the one your talking about
very cool
What's your proof?
Absolutely.....I totally saw that in real time and was like "Wow, now that's acting"
I thought the bit in Pretty Woman where Edward shuts the neclace box down on Viviennes hand would have been there
Continue telling yourself that.
Add Leonardo Dicaprio's scene from Django when he smacks the table and cuts his hand in real life and continues to act without breaking character. 
22. is knocked up. not 40 year old virgin. 
or when Heath was clapping after Gordon gets promoted. He did that on the spot
do you have ANY experience in any form of scripted performances? If so, then you would know that a lot of stuff is made up on the spot, or just thrown in. YOU sound like a paranoid 13 year old, who sits on his high horse and talks down to everyone because you THINK you have all the answers. 
Most of the best scenes i thought were scripted were actually Improvised... Damn nice acting!
i think a better scene from the dark knight was the video camera part with Joker and the fake batman. All i heard was that Nolan gave Ledger 5 minutes and a cam corder and said have at it.
great
That was awesome. Thanks :) 
Where's the scene from pirates of the Caribbean where Johnny Depp goes "I've got a jar of dirt"? - that whole scene was improvised, and the reactions from the characters are their actual reactions to Johnny Depp doing that!
if i went into the service at MY age, i doubt those DI's could intimidate ME
Only steers and queers come from Texas
juuuuu u
The best advice someone will give you in the entertainment business is this "if you ever screw up, keep going and dont make it look like you ever had a screw up, so the audience would not know"
The scene in Pirates of the Caribbean: Dead Man's Chest where Capt. Jack Sparrow does the whole "I got a jar of Dirt" was unscripted too. They kept it because the reactions of the actors were all legit and so comical it made the scene much better.
the entire Rutger Hauer's poem was improvised, starting with "I've seen things you people wouldn't believe...", not just the "all those moments will be lost in time". beforehand tho he asked Ridley if it was ok to throw some of his line when the moment come, to which Ridley was kinda "yeah, whatever". nowadays that poem is maybe the most iconic part of the whole movie.
dude I was there... when I was in basic training, I had to admit, they had some pretty funny ones... like if you didnt call them drill sergeant. "What, are we friends now? You wanna come to my house, drink my beer, watch my tv, hell you can even fuck my wife"
"You talkin to me?.................you talkin to me?.......well then who the hell else are you talkin to-you talkin to me?.....well i'm the only one here...........who the fuck do u think you're talking to?"
Keep telling yourself that. 
According to an interview I saw with Harold Ramis (writer of Caddyshack) there was not one written line for Bill Murray in the movie. Everything that you see him do is an improvisation. So just giving him credit for "its in the hole" is an injustice. Ramis said that in the scene above, he told Bill, you know how some guys shoot hoops in their backyard and provide the commentary at the same time, and Bill says Got It, and then did this whole scene of the top of his head.
man i love heath ledger.....RIP
Full Metal Jacket still remain's as one of my favourite movies 'ever' !!
MESSI: You talking to me? 
"you talkin to me" was inspired by Bruce Springsteen
if that drill sargeant asked me if I "sucked dicks", id be trying my absolute hardest to hold in the laughter!
im pounding that squid pussy from the orient. hell yeah got an asian girlfriend now
'Importanest' :')
You forgot the beginning scene in Apocalypse Now. All the acting in his bedroom was improved and he was actually wasted. So wasted that he even attacked Coppalla 
I'm surprised there's so many Kubric movies in here, I always had the impression he'd be too much of a controller to put up with it. 
I know right, that's one of my favorite scenes of all time
That moment could never be recreated again, besides the fact about how heart-wrenching it was.
LIKE TEARS IN THE RAIN WAS IMPROVISED I CANNOT BELIEVE THIS
22 is from knocked up
But the drill sergeant was R. Lee Ermey who'd been acting before that roll. But yeah, he was in the military before.
Beyond the "hssss," the entire dialog about fava beans and a chianti was ad libbed by Hopkins. I think that's the real factoid here.
R Lee Ermey wasn't acting, he was a real drill instructor during Vietnam war, this was set during the Vietnam war....
but r lee ermey was acting years before yhis
Only if you're out of shape, if you can meet passing scores BEFORE you go in then it's a cake walk on physical side. Hell they even give you all the material needed to learn as well. The mental area is where we fail with "politically correct" and the babying/catering we do now. If the drill instructor can't rebuild a soldier then we have issues. A good example is we lose more to suicide than the enemy last year. Wait till we see a REAL war against a REAL enemy and watch what happens.
Only if you're out of shape, if you can meet passing scores BEFORE you go in then it's a cake walk on physical side. Hell they even give you all the material needed to learn as well. The mental area is where we fail with "politically correct" and the babying/catering we do now. If the drill instructor can't rebuild a soldier then we have issues. A good example is we lose more to suicide than the enemy last year. Wait till we see a REAL war against a REAL enemy and watch what happens.
lol today's soldiers are not pussies. I'm guessing you have never served. They beat you in basic
Was probably part of his routine back when drill sergeants could make REAL soldiers vs the pussies we got today.
im guessing 534 people didnt get a reach around. haha
But that actor in the clip have been in a variety of movies? 
Where is "surprise mothafucka"
And he's been in more films since, and has also got his own TV show
full metal jacket one always makes me laugh so hard I cry
Man, they were improvised? They were some of the most iconic scenes in those films. I mean, "Game over man, game over!" was the most memorable line in Aliens
@kaziskills, incorrect..
I cant believe there isn't any Men In Black stuff. Though I guess that could be because 1/2 the scenes with the two agents are Improved (by the old guy, cause he was dissatisfied with the script)
Maybe it's hard to believe that those scenes were improvised because they were so good? Felt almost real right? Well, that is because it is all completely %100 real, nobody is trying to act, some of the actors are joking around, others are pissed, Bill Murray is just being Bill Murray, and that drill seargent is doing his god damn job you peter puffer.
well i'm guessing that your cynicism and "TIS A CONSPIRACEH!!!" attitude have driven any potential friends away from you. because anyone can see how this stuff can be improv-ed if they've ever just hung out and bantered with friends... you are seriously an IDIOT, if you think that all actors follow the script to the letter. they aren't script-tools to be manipulated by a director. who are you, George Lucas?
Important thing about the line-up sequence from The Usual Suspects: The laughing of all suspects was not in the script - one of them (and I am pretty sure it was Benicio) was actually farting during the whole scene - you can see, that they are trying to hide the laugh. This was later on left in the movie and acidentaly creating much better feeling of the scene. 
Child, review the video and keep telling yourself that those scenes were improv. 
The drill sergeant sounds like my football coaches!
lol.. cynicism to a fucking extreme... nice tin foil hat by the way.... Improv is CONSTANT in media... if you want to believe improv doesn't exist just because the industry acknowledges that it DOES. then you are frankly an illogical moron. 
DI Drill Instructor
What? No mention of Star Trek 4, where Uhura and Chekov were in the street of San Fransisco, trying to find the "Nuclear Wessels", when a pedestrian walked on the set, and exchanged dialog?
"Drill Sergeant" Nice..... Its actually 'Drill Instructor" just thought id let you know.
Not everyone is lying to you, however the entertainment business is lying to you. Enjoy your gullible lifestyle. They'll just keep feeding you the content, and you'll keep eating it up since it's so "authentic and real". Come on now.
I love the movie "Being John Malkovich" :"3
damn it went to 9 as i was writing?
idk how 8 people liked this comment its incorrect. This movie was R. Lee Ermey's 5th major hollywood movie role he's an actor. R. Lee Ermey was a marine for 11 years went through vietnam and 2 tours in okinowa he simply channeled all his old drill instructors for this part. What are my sources of information you way ask well besides many interviews he has done that are easily found here on youtube and the special features part of the dvd id say just a pure guess
R. Lee Ermey is an actor Stanley Kubrick seen him in the movie Firebase Gloria and that scene was scripted, plus he is an honorary Gunnery Sergeant E7
Hold crap. All that was improvised? I never would have known that.
better than skeptically believing everything is false from some paranoid delusion that everyone's lying to me.....
Leia : "I Love You" Han : "I Know" Best unscripted moment in the history of film.
On the screen Sherlock.
-facepalm-
ILL BE WATCHIN YOU LOL
cant believe denzel washington at the end of training day was included...
3:33
HOLY CRAP. taxi driver, clockwork orange, shining
so many great quotes. star wars, shining, annie hall, good will hunting, godfather, resevoir dogs. crazy
0:38 is Knocked up not 40 year old virgin
2:28 Warriors come out to play.....best part of the movie
damn some from fmj was unscripted, that was really unexpected!
#22 is knocked-up
Funny how? . you said i'm funny , funny how? ;/HAHA
Anyone else notice he spelled 'The Shining' as 'The Shinning'? Doesn't want to get sued I guess...
"I'll bet you're the kind of person that would fuck a person in the ass and not even have the goddamn common courtesy to give him a reach around...I'll be watching you..."
I've seen things you people wouldn't believe. Attack ships on fire off the shoulder of Orion. I've watched C-beams glitter in the dark near the Tannhauser Gate. All those moments will be lost in time, like tears in rain...Time to die. ~ Roy Batty 
Yeah, but Joe Pesci owned that scene :p
Kid, you're gullible. Continue enjoying life believing everything you're force-fed.
That whole soliloquy by Rutger Hauer in Blade Runner is incredible. 
in indiana jones raiders of the lost arc, when indiana jones shot the guy in black after the sword sequence, he was actually meant to have a long fight scene with him
"I know," from Han Solo?
'give me the keys you cocksucker. what the fuck'. brilliant
'give me the keys you cocksucker. what the fuck'. brilliant
That's right. And you can still see the guy who was supposed to play the drill sergeant. He's the one shooting the women and children from the open door of the helicopter with a machinegun. He is asked "how can you kill women and children?" and he says "easy, you just don't lead 'em so much".
The drill sergeant out of full metal jacket wasn't an actor, he was a real drill sergeant there to show the actor how to yell at recruits, then he was that good they just got rid of the actor and the guy did the whole thing ad lib.
that wasent unscripted
you're only assuming that because you assume everyone is intellectually bankrupt as much as you are to be incapable of improv.
Yes it was you idiot.
How do I know you're gay? You wanted us to drive in suits. How do I know you're gay? You're driving, and wearing a suit.
check out hi mom deniro and scorsesse first picture ever and wrking 2gether. . In Born On 4th Of July The Sargent that yells and cadet is the guy from csi
Shame you missed the Wayne's World one where Wayne when asked what he wanted to order from the Chinese takeaway replies with, "I'll have the Cum of Sum Yung Gui please."
you know how i know your gay. . . love that movie Best Repersation Of A 420 Life Style To All my 420's Can I get A Whoop ! Whoop !
where's "i got a jar of dirt" from pirates of the caribean?
The explosion didn't happen on time. When he clicked at first it was supposed to go off then, but it didn't thats why he turned back and looked, and why he flinched when the explosion went off. 
the explosion was delayed for comedic value but what he did in the time that it didnt work was his decision 
I'm assuming that for the Dark Knight it was scripted to have it all blow up at once but for whatever reason it didn't, and expecting it to all go up at once Heath Ledger was legitimately confused, then he just kind of rolled with it.
Maybe not but if it's technically not written down in the hard copy script but the production team talks about it on set and implements it, to me that's scripted. Unscripted to me means spontaneous, nobody saw it coming but the actor him/herself and it was kept in the film. 
what about the dead nigger storage scene from pup fiction? Tarantino was the only one who know what he wanted to do with that set and he just got travolta and jackson on set to fill it. and the bonnie scene is all improvised by tarantino ]
MATT DAMMMMON
Hey, it was Ray Liotta too. Scorsese told the two of them to act out a scene just so they could see the other actors' reactions. It just turned out that it ended up one of the most iconic film scenes ever. ;)
I don't think you understand what unscripted means...
Eh, I'm pretty sure some of these are scripted, especially the Dark Knight scene. Otherwise we're to believe he was just supposed to keep walking into the bus and the car was going to explode after it started driving away? 
LOVE Full Metal Jacket!
awesome, I love the Dark Knight
omg you nearly killed me! all hail the troll of trolls! 
I GOT A JAR OF DIRT!
That entire scene from The Warriors wasn't in the script, apparently. David Patrick Kelly invented that entire scene, including the bottles on his fingers which he got from a local store he was familiar with.
In a nutshell, yeah. 
Yep... originally scripted for Han to say "I love you too," but it didn't play during filming so they had him ad lib a bunch of responses. "I know," is just so Han though huh?
lawl
Really!?! Damn! Joe Pesci is awesome!
omg star wars "I know" part was unscripted?!?!? JDSFOPJWEPFJWEPFWEJFP MIND FUCKED
You're an idiot.
No it isn't.
I think he was supposed to be humming Beethoven's fifth. Thats the improv 
Ummm.... Singing in the rain... that has to of been scripted. Thats mind blowing if it is really improv
And was that pure genius or what??
5:41....LMFAO PRICELESS.
@Kirstin Webb You'd be wrong.
@jamalizcool No it's not, it's 40 year old virgin.
You know how I know you're gay - your dick tastes like shit. Also in the bonus features. 
Pollack talks about that "Suspects" scene in his new book. It's hilarious. 
it was, Del Toro kept farting constantly in an effort to get Bryne to laugh, but their delivery for each actor was unscripted, just what to say. also the voice you hear talking is one of the producers who's actually properly pissed off cause the actors were fuckin around so much
tarantino
I thought the reason they were laughing at 2:10 was because one of them was very flatulent throughout the entire scene?
The movie is called "Silence of the Lambs". The villain is named Dr. Hannibal. 
You know how i know your gay? how? Your wearing a white tie. 
well its a really a matter of opinion and movie preferance...
Can't believe the "Warriors come out to play" was unscripted.....that line is genius.
fail to read most of the annotations ?
number two was not Silence of the Lambs its Hannibal 
The Blade Runner one is beautiful...
The Blade Runner one is beautiful...
The improvised line-up scene from Usual Suspects really is the shining example of acting in character. Each of these lines is delivered with so much of the characters personality.
What about the "You think I'm funny" scene from Goodfellas? None of that was scripted.
How in the world did you think The Dark Knight was more significant than Good Will Hunting?
FMJ FTW 
Wow.... Seriously impressive speech ;) I really loved that scene actually .. Thanks for the info m8 :) Think I'm gonna watch it again ;)
where is the scene from die hard: "I know what a T.V. dinner feels like.."
,,numbers 1,4 &5 was funny,,
22. is knock up not 40 years old virgin
From Empire Strikes Back, Han's responce was scripted as "I love you too."
The taxi driver and Dustin Hoffman look like they're being assholes to each other.
HA! Gaaay!
Wikipedia. ;)
How do you know these scenes are unscripted? 
Are you a steer or a queer?
indiana jones raiders of the lost ark, indiana jones shoots that guy who has a sword ?
the best lines come from the soul. 
No it wasn't you idiot.
What's great about the Usual Suspects scene is that it wasn't supposed to be a funny scene, Brian Singer intended it to be serious. However, Benicio del Toro (Fenster)'s constant farting during this scene prevented everyone from acting seriously.
The "Tears in Rain" line was so great, it sounded scripted. You know you have a good actor/actress when they can make something look scripted.
bullshit most of this was clearly scripted
R. Lee Ermey used to be a real drill sgt. that's why it all sounds natural.
that was great.
Where's that Indiana Jones moment from Raiders of the Lost Ark?
What the fuck
I love you. I know
@2:17 They are laughing because one of them farted
Hello Mr "IGotAVagina". I´m actually turning 9 next year when the blue moon forms a trigon with Sagittarius in Venus. I hope you are a fairy and can teach me all about the meaning of big words like "IgotaPagina" when I´m old enough to learn everything about Paginas...
There is no such thing as "Christian contradictions". Only contradictions made by Christians. If you love something that doesn't exist, you could just as well love the Spaghetti Monster, Michael Jackson, the threat to Israel or your intelligence. May God bless your soul, too!
Woah, I didn't know that. Here take my like :)
That's cool, I didn't know like half of those were unscripted
ill fuck you till you love me faggot
I'm amazed that scene from Italian Job isn't on here. Where they are at the parking lot and what's his name is mocking the conversation. The cameramen were laughing so hard the forgot to quit rolling.
FUCKING RESOVOIR DOGS! :D 
I am pretty sure that movie is not "40 year old Virgin". I am 99% sure that was "Knocked up".
Wow, that was cool, thanks.
No mash when colonel died?
Having a big budget doesn't mean endless increase thereof would be tolerated, and in particular not major production delays which could result. I think they would have used the shot even if Heath fucked it up royally, but it went fine and he didn't. Nice, though not really a particularly noteworthy accomplishment to me.
I think the point was that they couldn't re-set the explosion once it went off because an actual concrete building was torn down, so performance absolutely had to work the first time. The official commentary says however that the scene was not improvised by Heath, but performed absolutely in finest detail exactly as rehearsed.
a lot of the stuff on curb your enthusiasm is improvised and its a great show, one of my favorite shows
so entertaining gj 
Probably because he was a drill sergeant in the Marine Corps.
DO YOU SUCK DICKS!!!??? basic training has the best comedy on the face of this earth. hooah.
No lord of the rings scene where aragorn deflects a knife thrown at him?, that as good as unscripted gets, you see the actor playing the orc that threw the knife was suppose to hit a target on the side, but he couldnt see because of his contact lenses and ended up throwing the knife at the actor playing aragorn, lucky he managed to deflect the knife in real time with his sword, and that is the scene they used in the movie.
And on the other hand, all the great lines in politics *are* scripted.
All Marine Drill Instructors can improvise hilarious shit like that when they are trying to fuck with you. 
Well, I guess it isn't so much the youth's fault as it is the overprotective parents and their "no score" baseball crap.
So like all the famous quotes from these movies were unscripted
So like all the famous quotes from these movies were unscripted
what about all the unscripted joker scenes
If you are talking about the film, no. It is 40 Year Old Virgin.
Very nice, well done! 
awesome video, thanks man
the full metal jacket scenes are up there with the greatest of all time anyway but to think that they were improvised... wow.
The FMJ barracks part is the most impressive improvisation I've seen in a film.
the fucking drill instructor always makes me laugh. now i wanna watch that movie.
you can teel the Usual suspects one is Improved, because all the actors where really laughing.
If you tink about it, number 5 was pretty impressive. 
oh yeah the famous Cairo Swordsman, Originally Harrison Ford and the Swordsman where supposed to have a 10 minute fight, but the crew was getting sick and Harrison was getting tired, so he just grabbed his gun and shot instead.
I think the only Three Improved things are the Good will hunting Farting Wife story, Matt Damons story from Saving Private Ryan, and Joker's Explosion reaction.
Where's THe Wrestler? On the DVD's Extra Commentary track most of the actors and the directer Darren admit most of the movie was Improved.
#17 is the best
Actually, Malcolm WAS told to sing- just not anything in particular. Good ad libbing with the timing, though.
Full Metal Jacket was an awesome movie XD
Full metal jacket.. best movie of all time
Seriously what's wrong with youth today. Thanks for categorising
How tall are you sargeant pile! 5"8' sir! i have never seen a big pile as this before in my life!
whats wrong with youth today?
They're not supposed to curse at\make fun of you any more, because kids today are a bunch of whiny pussies who can't take some name calling.
do you know who he is?
He was an actual drill instructor as well, and yes they actually yell at you like that, most of them anyways
Here's looking at you kid was unscripted? But he says it like five times in the movie
You forgot the Indiana Jones scene
do you suck dicks? NO SIR NO lmao
you forgot the improve scene in Scream!!
he's a vietnam veteran :) what did you expect 
haha wow I had no idea lol
of course lee ermey...is a classic....that was a bad ass movie
gimme the keys u xxxxxxx xxxxxxx xxxxx xxxxx was just too funny
Its is "Great unscripted acting" ? ...I mean its cool and all ,but i was expecting some real thought provoking dialogue etc...
what's the movie name @ 2:00
It was my favorite scene. The fact that it is unscripted made it a lot better. One of my top favorite movies.
Thanks for these! Many I'd not seen... and I smiled, glued to the screen, all the way through :) 
A lot of these I knew about already, but I'll tell you Heath Ledger as the Joker, really shows how into the role he was. There's just no following that act.
in the movie Ted, when Mark Walberg was listing off girls names, that was not scripted 
How in the hell could anyone in that room with the drill instructor keep a straight face. No matter how many times I have seen it, I always end up crying laughing.
How 'bout Indiana Jones gunned down the 'sword guy'?
he was actually a Marine Corps Drill Instructor.
Nice one for posting this... Never knew they were all unscripted/improvised/whatever. It's especially cool considering they're the lines/scenes that really stick in your memory. Dog bless spontaneity!!!
I need to watch all these movies again.
Were they planned?
Bill Murray is so great.
tears in rain. can't watch that shit without goosebumps
1:09
I call bullshit on most of these "Improvised" scenes
alright if you want a serious laugh search for "TNA Full metal jacket"
unscripted my ass
unscripted my ass
He's my great uncle.
what, no Spinal Tap?
GIVE ME THE FUCKING KEYS YOU COCK SUCKING MUTHAFUCKAFASFSAFAGFerfbkeaj/AAAAHHHH
Be or be that not as it may, there is an annotation in the video at 1:50 that calls Murray's monologue a dialogue.
Wrong. Theatrically speaking, yes, a monologue is lines delivered by only one character/actor but dialogue is a conversation between two or MORE people. A duologue is a conversation between only two characters.
Dude, a dialogue is when two people speak, a monologue is when one speaks.
#2. FMJ is easily number 1.
Kubrick was adamant on realism for the boot camp scenes which is why he let R Lee shoot from the hip, he wanted to show what a DI was really like (for the time). There really was no original script for that scene, he just had Ermey say whatever came to mind until he ran out of steam and then cut out the best lines to be in the final cut
"Game over man" and "Full Metal Jacket" are improvised ???? Man those are masterpieces alright..... btw two of the top movies out there.....
This was terrible. 
@CAMYtheCOCONUT "don't do it between 5&6 pm thats willys time" lol
1:10 dark knight 
Anyone else notice that atleast 3 of stanley kubrick films are up there? I guess great directors get greater performances from their actors.
R. Lee. Emery. Greatest actor, ever. His scenes in the Texas Chainsaw Massacer remake and prequel are just amazing.
Fucking priceless
The warriors come out and play was scripted in the special features they tell you how his neighbor would say his name and do the same thing.
Hahaha number 5
The drill instructor in the full metal jacket was bad ass
isn't #22 knocked up? 
Game Over Man WAS NOT SCRIPTED?!!?!
Could have added Eternal Sunshine of the Spotless Mind since Jim Carrey was cast mainly for that reason. Well, actually Jim deserves his own video since he's the master of improvisation.
The great thing about that scene is that it was created in the editing room. The actors couldn't keep straight faces, and kept messing around and cracking each other up, none of which was in the script. It would have just been blooper reel stuff, but the editor and the director assembled the scene out of the scraps they had.
attention all women! yes, when you hold your farts in all day, you are just insuring that you're exposing your man to a symphony of farts in bed. let them out ladies. 
....."The Shinning"
You're too lazy to sit through a video that requires you...to sit. Wow, just wow. Bet you're not too lazy to look for other shorter vids.
Sure it can, if Hollywood gets desperate enough.
The Two Towers should have been included, when Aragorn breaks his toe on the helmet he kicks while they're trying to find the hobbits. That, in my mind, is keeping your god damn cool.
It is a great movie, but everything after bootcamp kind of sucks.
IS THAT A JELLY DOUGHNUT?
iwish that there was just a list in the description too cuz im too lazy to sit through the whole vid
they came up with that dialog by themselfs? holy dog pile.
0:36 was Knocked Up, not The 40-Year Old Virgin.
Holy dog shit! I think I have to watch Full Metal Jacket! I am from Texas, too, by the way.
The lines between Seth Rogen & Paul Rudd are from Knocked Up not 40 Year Old Virgin, but anyways good list could have used the Harrison Ford improvised scene from Raiders of the Lost Ark though.
that taxi driver society in a nutshell
didn't watch anymore as soon as that FUCKING POS bill murry was shown. what asshole would think this shithead is worth anything. does not have a speck of ability other than to SUCK!!!!!!!!
I used to have the most annoying sound in the world as a ringtone. Changed it because it scared me when it rang at night.
That Taxi scene, haha holy shit.
R. Lee Ermey is frakkin' awesome.
WHAT?
You left out one of the greatest. Bruce Willis' Line in Armageddon, way better than any of these. "The United States Government just asked us to save the world.....etc. All improved. 
yeah but there wasn't much IMPROVISING in it. 
good vid, makes me want to suck dicks left and right
492 people didn't get that reach-around...
I kinda think the Dustin Hoffman taxi one was epic.
If you think that any of the other scenes could be remade, then im afraid i have to tell you that youre stupid. They were freaking improvised! And a lot of the actors in the clips are pretty damn old by now if not dead. No disrespect to Heath Ledger but for fucks sake...
It says though the explosion delay was scripted, him reacting that way was the improvised part which he could easily remake.
LOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOL 2:01
8/10 I lol'd 
8/10 I lol'd 
my dick>your dick
it is knocked up. you can tell because thats how they were dressed when they were on their way to vegas.
needs to have Leonardo DiCaprio's part in Django Unchained where he accidentally cuts himself during the scene and at the end of his long monologue (that he continued despite the cut) he wipes his real blood on Kerry Washington
I remember hearing with the "I know" line, the scripted line was "I love you too", but it always didn't seem to come out right, everyone was getting irrated and they were like "Okay! One more take before Lunch!" and Harrison Ford says "I know" to Fisher. In some ways, it can work as Ford making fun of how many takes they had done of that line, but it also works for Han Solo's character. Good line though, eh?
Most likely because I don't remember seeing that extra in 40 year old virgin.
I am pretty sure that #22 is Knocked Up, but they did do that bit in 40 Year Old Virgin
google gunny ermeys thoughts on that. unscripted? not even close, it was practiced thousands of times at parris island to even more Marines
What budget? They have 100s of millions of dollars to play around with. Most of the spending is on the "talent". Abandoned hospitals aren't a scarcity.
dude, they blew up an entire fucking hospital, scripted explosions especially one of that scale must be done in one shot, its expensive to do that kind of crap, and I'm pretty sure they don't want to spend their budget on retaking another explosion
R. Lee Ermey's scene from Full Metal Jacket was "largely" unscripted, but it was not entirely off the cuff or completely made up by Ermey. Google it. This video is sorta misleading on that one.
40 year old virgin one is actually from knocked up!
Ancient Chinese Secret. Very hush-hush...
Shut you fracking mouth! We're walking here!! 
Do some research and you'll find out.
sorry but i don't believe all of them were unscripted
4:49 also, "Singing in the Rain" was one of the only songs that Malcolm McDowell knew every lyric to, so he started singing that and Kubrick went with it.
how can they un-blow up a building?
Haha the most memorable line from Aliens was unscripted and by the actor. 
shoot would shoot would be attacker
"Verbal Ninja"...that sums up R.Lee Ermey in a nutshell. Well spoken,sir (or madam) !!
The Usual Suspects is amazing. Del Toro's "What tha fuck", at the end.
The blade runner line didn't the actor came to the audition with those lines that he wrote during the script reading?
Of all the things that can be recreated, a scripted explosion can be remade. The fans of the newer batman movies are usually morons.
ur telling me "u talking to me" is improvised?? ffs i used to say that line since i was 6 and my mother language isnt even english..
"you're gonna need a bigger list."
The last beats them all
The Dark Knight explosion scene should be number one, because it couldn't be remade like the rest of the scenes.
"you're gonna need a biiger Boat" NOT scripted..interesting! 
Looks like it's gonna need to bump 1 off and add Django Unchained Leonardo cut hand scene to that list :D or make a bigger list.
loved it 
#1 is the only funny 1
15,the line up from the usual Suspects is the funniest shit ever
But why would he do that if they are related films?
why do you think portal is on sale every month......valve wants us all to kill our selves.
like tears in the rain.....my favorite line in movie history!!
the movie grandmas boy when Dante says dude where do you get your weed man? and the guy replies From you Dante and Dante says Oh yeah whats up mr cheezle that was all improvised and is amazing
where is john boloushi 
Yeah the guy got the wrong scene it's also in 40 yr. old virgin in the scene when they're playing andy's video games.
As I had figured. Thank you sir.
Was that sound in Dumb and Dumber used in the Source Engine?
They are different movies....
no, you're right.... 
no he was not... he was given the title of DI well after the movie came out. The USMC records show it, there was a ceremony for the event and he does not deny that he was given the status after he had retired from the marine corps but a marine is always a marine... 
Wow, 2 whole years?! Everyone, get the hell out of the way for the next Roger Ebert!
fucking Han Solo, STILL the man
Funny, I was 99999999999.99999999999999999999999999999999999999999999% sure he was an aircraft mechanic in Vietnam
DO YOU SUCK DICKS!?
DO YOU SUCK DICKS!?
as someone who did 2 years of cinema study at college i think its only right i tell you that your wrong on so many of these!!!!!!!!!!!
wow!! ryan's story was all improvised!
OMFG I DIED AT 2:00 
He was originally hired as an adviser and after the first day of shooting, when he didn't think the original actor playing the DI wasn't doing a decent job, Ermey went home and recorded some of the stuff he used to say when he was an actual DI. When he played it for Kubrick the next day, Kubrick cast him as the DI, replacing the original actor. 
What's the difference.
Did anyone notice at 0:36, it says 40 year old virgin, but the movie was actually knocked up.
That part in The Dark Knight, where Joker claps his hands in the police station, was also unscripted. research on that too, it was genious
no Indiana Jones shooting the guy in the market?
I am not a Nazi 
Multiple takes.
If you say so...
I heard in The Usual Suspects they were also laughing cause Benicio Del Toro was kinda gassy
The line "I'm walkin' here!", which reached #27 on AFI's 100 Years... 100 Movie Quotes, is often said to have been improvised, but producer Jerome Hellman disputes this account on the 2-disc DVD set of Midnight Cowboy. The cab was driven by a hired actor during a scripted take, and the production team filmed it to look like an ad-lib.
 "According to arcane Masonic-monkey law, the phrase "I-bet you your the kind of guy who'd fcuk a man in the ass & not even have the common courtesy to give him a reach around" was from President George Herbert Walker Bush's unpublished auto-erotic biography "I-did it my way & ain't too ashamed to lie about-it still." (It's in the Congressional Library, in the Simian 'Fictional Facts' section) 
"....Suck a golf-ball through a garden hose!" XD
Number one was amazing
great choice on number 1
A few of these commentaries are not true. But thanks for posting.
lol Dustin Hoffman's was pretty good too... about to get mowed down on the set by some asshole taxi driver and he never missed a beat lol
Almost ALL of bill Murray's caddy shack bit was his. Not just "in the hole"
His audition for FMJ was a tape of him yelling at people while being pelted by tennis balls.
CUTTT! 
the scence where batman and joker were interrogating was unscripted
R. Lee Ermey said himself that his goal was to be head of the marine core 
R. Lee Ermey has a one of a kind voice
lucas wanted a man trained in martial arts and gymnastics to play maul to show what a more active knight/sith would be like. rey park was a great choice
It's amazing how some of the most memorable and iconic lines from films were all improvised. Hollywood's not the same anymore.
5:54 what if the kid replied yes. . .
A pro? He's a fucking verbal ninja. You know you're good at insults when it's sort of hurting the feelings of the people HEARING it and not even on the receiving end.
Great Ranking. Very interesting!
And you believe this is a fact because...? Did you work on that movie, do you have the actual scripts, or did you just read it somewhere and now you think anything else someone says about it is wrong because you read it on a website.
I know for a fact that the Dumb and Dumber scene was not improv. It's as simple as one knowing what improv is. I didn't watch the entire video, some of them very well may be legit. But since the uploader was stupid enough to believe that that one scene was improv, made me not want to watch the video.
Spielberg? Who do you think directed TPM?
You really should have put the Biggus Dickus scene from Monty Python's Life of Brian somewhere in the list
Wow I'm surprised Game Over was unscripted, that's my favorite line from the movie next to Hudson's little speech about their arsenal and "get away from her you bitch"
never underestimate the importance of a reach around during anal
The same thing happened on "The Phantom Menace" with Darth Maul. The guy was originally hired to train another for the fighting scenes. But Spielberg found that the guy so good at what he can do, that he wound up portraying Darth Maul all throughout the film.
They're actors, they're trained for that kind of thing. Or they just did another take with it in.
How do those actors keep going without laughing? I would've laughed my ass off if I was in the FMJ scene.
The Heath Ledger part was pretty hilarious. That's my favorite scene in the movie.
What about Viggo Mortensen (Aragorn)? During that fight with the Urukai Captain (Fellowship of the Ring), the actor playing that was supposed to throw the knife in a way that only made it LOOK like it would hit Aragorn, but instead slipped up and threw that knife right at Viggo. That deflect was 100% real. 
The Heath Ledger scene is without a doubt just incredible acting. Truly amazing
How do you know it for a fact? Are you saying you can tell just by looking? Or do you personally know all of these movies' authentic scripts?
He was a real life Drill Sergeant in the Marines. Those kind of quick witted insults are like an art for those guys. That scene probably came to him like second nature.
You Flashed Eyed Bowl Headed Morphodite Lookin Cock Suckin Pube Licken Two Balled Blasted Sonofabitch
The reach around insult is the best thing ever. How the fuck did he ever come up with that?? However, if the "get the cannoli" was unscripted why did the other actor immediately reach into the car for it? would he not have been surprised, even for a second? 
Indeed it is. 
he was the military expert for the movie, but the real guy to play the drill instructor wasn't real enough he said and said let me show you
Saving Private Ryan is just a damn good movie... 
Saving Private Ryan is just a damn good movie... 
R. Lee Ermey used to be an actual drill instructor. He's supposed to be a pro at tearing people down
I can tell you for a fact the Dumb and Dumber scene in the beginning was no improvised. Maybe they made it up on the spot but it was rehearsed. That is not improv. Some of them certainly were improv though and others were rehearsed making them, not improv.
Great job!
Nah man, I checked and Its Knocked Up. One simple reason - Seth has a beard in 40 YO Virgin.
You're going to need to add the scene in Django Unchained where DiCaprio accidentally cuts his hand after slamming it on the table, and keeps on ranting in character while bleeding everywhere (including on Kerry Washington).
when they did laugh it looked like acting. He was chosen for that role for a reason.
the laughing that the other actors actually did looked like acting... They chose R. Lee Ermey for a reason I guess..
@SpencerFcp usual suspects they did and that woody Allen one but yea I know
the buildings stopped exploding and everything from there was unscripted 
how is buildings exploding behind the joker not scripted?
If R. Lee Ermey's insults were improvised, how do the other actors not break up laughing on the set. I guess that makes them equally as talanted as him
Matt Damons in saving private ryan was amazing
With all due respect; the actor in Reservoir Dogs is Michael Madsen not "Michael Madisen". 
He just told you...
Man, no idea how these people don't laugh 
What does it mean? 
WARRIORS....come out to playaaaaaaayyyy classic
game over man, game over!
Heath ledger wooot woot@@@@
Mewlists you're a fucking genious, thanks for this
You haven't done you're research then. Not only are these all improvised, but several of them are well known for it.
That was a great throw and a great ad lib. Glad they kept it in the movie. 
The Casablanca line "Here's looking at you, kid" was actually ussed earlier in the movie, so I'm calling Shenanigans on that one.
The Usual Suspects
its from a movie called the usual suspects. 
DO YOU SUCK DICKS 
R. Lee Ermey is epic in FMJ! He was a DI in the USMC and was medically discharged in '72 so the film was made just before he served in Okinawa as his last duty station.
The Usual Suspect is a great movie.
I'm pretty sure that's Dustin Hoffman you're talking about :P
And the Usual Suspects scene was originally supposed to be played completely seriously. Unfortunately due to Del Toro's flatulency during filming, none of them could keep a straight face, hence the stifled laughter and complete lack of seriousness.
The scene with "I'm walking here!!" had been shot many times with interruption each time due to the busy street. They didn't have the time, permission or budget to close the street so they had to make do with filming as and when. De Niro nearly said "I'm acting here!" but changed at the last second to avoid potentially ruining the scene.
I know at least 3 of these were. The extra from Being John Malkovich was incredibly drunk. As a result of him technically being "in" the film with a speaking role, his salary had to go up. 
Stanley Kubrick being very well represented on this list 
naaah, that's 40 year old virgin....
I lied
You're an idiot if you think these were "unscripted".
And the scene where they all sit down to dinner with Tommy's mum! 
Hello, My name is Inigo Montoya, you killed my father. Prepare to die... I would have put that at Number 1!
The original actor was used in the film as another character. R Lee Ermy was a consultant on the film and ended up impressing kubrick so much that he demoted the other actor
reach around
The phone scene with Peter Sellers in "Dr.Strangelove" with Dimitri is totally missing, but except that it's a very good list 
The actor singing, "Singing in the Rain" was the improvisation in Clockwork Orange.
DO YOU SUCK DICKS!?
Great vid - but "Improvised" and "unscripted" is a bit misleading, as many of these lines were improvised in REHEARSAL, and then they would do it again on set - like the "tears in rain" line, etc. In other words, many of them weren't necessarily done at the moment, when the camera was rolling. Some were, though, yeah.
Because it is completely rational to determine someone's priorities and whole life story over their name on youtube, right? (I play a game and this is my "gaming channel"). And the word doesn't bother me at all, using said word while defaming a person is what bothers me. Your ending statement was just reverting back to playground name calling so I won't reply to it.
Good work, but I feel Joe Pesci's Improvising his "What's funny about me?" diatribe was in the upper stratosphere of film improvisations. Hey, you can't include them all.
The movie is "The Usual Suspects"...I own it.
Nothing can beat Full Metal Jacket, greatest movie I can think of, "Is that you John Wayne, is this me?"
Nothing can beat Full Metal Jacket, greatest movie I can think of, "Is that you John Wayne, is this me?"
Trim, I think this list is only for unscripted moments of genuinely good movies, Ghost Rider was beyond ass, lol
Can anyone explain if the clockwork orange scene was improvised, how was the writer originally meant to recognise alex (in the film it's by him humming in the bath) ?
Here's johnny
That last one..knocked me to the floor lmao xD
A really nice collection of films!
In the Ghost Rider movie, when Nicholas Cage's character's head hits the wheel of his bike in the simulated "bike crash", that was not supposed to happen. After they made sure he was okay and he watched it, he insisted that they put it in.
The more interesting part of the story re: Full Metal Jacket is that Kubrick dropped the actor he originally signed on to play the drill instructor after seeing R. Lee Ermy's demo tape: Himself ranting non-stop for 15 minutes without stopping or repeating himself, while being pelted with tennis balls and oranges.
You forgot the beuler school scene from ferris beulers day off
is there any scary movies?
I agree.
How do you know they are all unscripted?
20. is epic unscripted action.
Your name is “KrazyKilla” and a word bothers you? I’m gonna take a stab at this and guess that your priorities and sense of irony as all messed up. And if your god exists, I’m sure he can take care of himself, if he is so insecure about names and words. 
I'm pretty sure No.22 is Knocked Up
a new found appreciation for acting
It's A Wonderful Life: Uncle Billy, drunken off-camera, knocks several garbage cans What really happen: Stage hands dropped an instrument.
#1 - if that's improv it's better than any scripting they could have written for that one. I laughed until I cried. Had I been in that line I think I'd have had KP duty for at least a year for laughing.
Full metal I know the reach around was unscripted, that's about it.
To clarify, that isn't a Christian contradiction because it has nothing to do with the theological doctrine. Although it does make me sick to see him act in such a way while using the Lord's name. (I am a Christian).
How do you know?
Jackie Gleason as the Sheriff in Smokey and the Bandit improvised all his lines. 
You come at someone for no reason, call them a Nazi (also for no reason), and then ask the Lord to bless them? I love Christian contradictions so much. 
A lot of these are Scripted... Wtf.
Gaza stripe? Is that a new flavor of chewing gum?
Are you a troll or are you just a nine year old that's trying to look smart by using big words you dont understand?
RULES!!
wondering why the "am I funny?" scene from Goodfellas is not on here...
"DO YOU SUCK DICK" nearly died there
 "handmethefuckinkeysyacocksucker wat da fuuuck...' I dont know what it is is but I cant stop replaying it. 2:14 
Great list
I loved the batman scene. The joker did such a great job.
the cool part is the 25 movies on this list are my personnel 25 favorite movies of all time. i have each one on dvd
lol is it just me or does kubrick have a ton of great unscripted scenes 
Robin Williams <3
No, but i am and our policy for mental patients is extermination. Thank you and goodbye.
ATHEISM!!! 
what's with all the comments just based on totally off-topic arguments? Shit is so annoying. 
Why are you getting so angry when someone is talking about important political issues? Do you hate free speech? Do you hate democracy and freedom? Are you a Nazi?
Why the fuck do you even come up with gas chambers and the Gaza stripe?! Can't you do a normal argument? 
Are you a Nazi, too?
But what he decided to say wasn't in the original script or in a subsequent script (except dialogue necessary for the plot), it was improvised and not written
you clearly some mental help bro
My nominee for best unscripted addition to a film is the Egyptians in "The Ten Commandments" when the Red Sea unexpectedly stops parting. Big SNAFU on the part of the SPFX people - but great acting save by the drowning actors.
DO YOU SUCK DICKS!? Now that´s a pretty good improvisation, isn't it? You shouldn't insult my intelligence, that´s what the Nazis also did, you know. And I hope you aren't one although calling me a freak without a shred of intelligence definitely makes you one. What´s next? Gas chambers and relocation to the Gaza stripe? May the Lord bless your soul!
i heard that in "usual suspects" the Benicio line he farted ,thats why whole crew laughs =)
My God you're an idiot, not to mention highly inappropriate. Talk about being a smartass... I really just don't know how you've misunderstood my comments this much. Anyone with a shred of intelligence could easily see that all I was doing was answering your question, but no, you freaked out over a simple, innocent, even friendly response, and you lashed out with racism and insensitivity. Have a nice life, you freak. I'm blocking you now. 
Wow, you're a smartass. Happy Kwaanza and all and thanks for telling me the second best improvisation in movie history was doing a Hissss sound. Wow, American movies are so incredibly original and full of surprises! I think I'll go visit an elementary school with a glock now.
3:23 Sniper from Team Fortress 2...
Umm okay... I think you misunderstood the point of my comment entirely. All I was doing was answering your question. I presented nothing up for a debate, just stated a fact. Go reread my response, then your initial comment. 
Umm okay... I think you misunderstood the point of my comment entirely. All I was doing was answering your question. I presented nothing up for a debate, just stated a fact. Go reread my response, then your initial comment. 
So what? It´s an actor's job to add character and life to an otherwise nonexistent figure. But he´s a great actor, much better than Jodie Foster who can´t even play kissing a man convincingly...
R. Lee Ermey was an actual drill instructor while in the Marines and when he saw Kubrick's proposed dialogue for the drill scenes he immediately felt they weren't accurate of real-life drill, so he opted to improvise the lines from his own experience and Kubrick went with it. 
As we can see, all Stanley Kubrick's films are just one big improvisation.
i didnt watch all the way through but the funniest, unscripted scene, from Dumb & dumber is when jim carey is leaving the hotel bar and notice the newspaper article on the way about landing on the moon. He pauses and says "No way... thats great.. we landed on the moon!!!" 
That is amazing. You write an awfully poor response whereby you try and belittle me, which frankly sounds like a chimp make them up while wiping its shit on the walls, all the while making errors left, right and centre. Just because you were at the peak of your power in Secondary School, doesn't mean that you don't need to go back.
The line is straight out of the book, but the sound he makes with his mouth was improvised. 
Wow some of these are among the greatest lines in cinematic history. Nice to know that good actors can be as creative as screenwriters.
﻿
read the annotation again
yeah i'd say that ending was the best part lol
Good list, but you missed the scene in Indiana Jones and The Raiders of the Lost Ark where Indi shoots the guy with the sword. I was told that Harrison Ford was originally scripted to fight him with the whip, but was recovering from the flu and didn't have the energy to do it so he just improvised shooting him.
Is the actual hissss in the book?That is what the video is saying Anthony Hopkins improvised.Not the quote
Nice but not always believable. I remember reading Lecters quote saying he ate his victims liver with a chianti in the novel so it can't really be that spontaneous, can it? 
Haha "sad cunt". You're the one who has gotten incredibly angry at someone correcting your errors. I'd rather be a pretentious wanker than a sad, pathetic, uneducated anger-management field day.
Bloody good.
I laughed so hard when Seth Rogan said "You know how i know you're gay? You've TiVo'd every episode of Tourgasm". I bought the fucking season on DVD. 
left out was the scene from Goodfella's "How am I funny? ...funny like a clown"?
5:46-6:24 enough said
Nice...
yhis guy played in mississipi "burning "too(Gene Ackman and Willem Dafoe)
#22 is knocked up.
You left out the greatest one ever! When indiana jones shoots a guy with swords instead of fighting him full out! way to fail 
Why is there a religion/atheism debate going on in the comments section of a video relating to neither of those things? xD
We proved "Darwin's" theories wrong a long time ago. The modern Evolutionary theory is based around some of his ideas that were corroborated by evidence. And scientific 'theory' is basically an accepted scientific fact. It means something different than the word 'theory' that we use in everyday conversation.
LOL, Merry Christmas buddy. :-)
And eugenics? Seriously? That was back in the 1930s, not today. 
Umm, no. What you just said was extremely ignorant. Science and the scientific community are not an ideology, or a school of ideological thought. Every scientist has his own internal bias, but every scientist has an entirely different bias. It isn't uniform. Hence why we have peer evaluations, why we force you to prove your results countless times and with mounds of evidence, and why there are provisions in the scientific method, such as double blind studies, to protect against confirmation bias
maybe.....! >.<
What about episode 4 obi wan kenobi's: "You must do what you feel is right "of course" that part was improvised, the "of course"...you know thinking back..never mind.
What? The script font at the beginning? Why? Is it too hard for a retard like you to read?
a lot of these lines i remember being in back to the future too not saying there from back to the future just that a lot of dialoge is the same. like the im walking here and are you talking to me.
lol 
That guy was bruce lee's son smarts
you forgot the death-gurgles of that guy from the crow when he died on set lol
I think by "theory" you actually mean hypothesis. A theory is an idea that we've investigated as completely as we can, until the denial of such would be rediculous; Yet even as sure as we can be, we can always be wrong. Gravity is a theory, too. The theory of gravity. Interesting, no?
I hope the atheists who decided to join in on this thread know that Darwin, himself, stated that if his theory of the Evolution of Man has not proven by around this current time period, he is wrong. And The Theory of Evolution is just that; a theory. Those are just my two cents on the conversations ;)
R. Lee. Ermey is the shit.
lel
"GivemethefuckingkeysyoucocksuckerWHATdafuck?"
Haha thanks for proving my point. Science is, according to you, a community system where studies (by biased individuals, according to you) are subject to (biased) evaluations by (biased) peers. But it's somehow not a human institution that is somehow not subject to human bias? Pffft. I know the nature of scientific inquiry is apart from religion in a lot of respects, but the human institution of science is just as corrupted--shit, possibly even more corrupted in the modern era (eg eugenics).
Umm no. Science is not an institution. There are thousands working in the scientific community, and while there are surely some who might be influenced by different political ideologies or parties, this can go in any number of directions. All individual human beings have individual bias. That is why we have the scientific method, and a community system where studies are subject to peer evalutations, and being confirmed multiple times over. Science is in no way like a religion. Politics is though
that was a good list
I definitely agree that science, at its core, helps us understand observable truth--but that doesn't mean that it hasn't been corrupted as a social institution (much like religion) to an extraordinary extent, weakening its modern value as the end-all be-all in any discussion about reality. There is certainly "bad science." It's also useless at helping us understand UNobservable truth, which may or may not exist. I can't say either way because I don't ascribe religiously to religion nor science.
i think it would have been hilarious if the cadet had said SIR ONLY FOR MONEY SIR and then have Ermy go from there.
If you are an agnostic, I apologize for mislabelling you. Naturally I didn't respond to "faggots getting raped" positively, and you seem to be arguing from a very pro-theism stance. I will willingly accept that I dislike religion in many cases, because lack of evidence coupled with assertion of truth is grossly unscientific. As for "ascribing to science religiously", science is an approximation of the exact truth. Perhaps elements of it are flawed, but that can be solved by better science.
Theists seem to be mad because they ascribe religiously to something and cry when it's challenged, instead of thinking. A lot of people unfortunately ascribe to science theistically (hence the scientific community's belief in anthropogenic global warming) the same way that others ascribe to ascientific historical fiction from millenniums ago. You yourself, ironically, religiously hate religion to the point of calling agnostics theists because they can be objective in a religious argument.
So all he was doing was being semantic about the word "real"? Seems more of an irrelevant reductio ad absurdum, however that's the only argument he's developed at all. The rest has been ad hominem, which you're also clearly a fan of. Speaking of which, theists (because you're obviously a theist trying to appear objective by pretending to have a neutral stance), why are you so mad? Is it because you don't have a shred of evidence and hate having that noted?
how do u know its unscripted? 
He never said that. He replied to "santa is not real" with "mathematics is not real," meaning that 'math' is an intangible interpretation of observed phenomena. Thanks for proving my point again that you faggots are getting raped.
He never said that. He replied to "santa is not real" with "mathematics is not real," meaning that 'math' is an intangible interpretation of observed phenomena. Thanks for proving my point again that you faggots are getting raped.
zombiU is intense FUCKOFFFFF
For that scene in "The Usual Suspects" everything about it was unscripted. It was supposed to be done seriously but they all had a bit of fun with it and couldn't stop laughing when one of them farted.
It was not an inability to address your point. I simply don't feel like engaging in an argument with someone who is clearly close-minded and uneducated in anything when it comes to the origin of our species. However, I guess I don't really care what you think, I just personally see it as a unfortunate occurrence people still stay true to beliefs derived from the infancy of our species. I am, of course, referring to the belief in God, and practice of religion. In todays world, it's worthless.
R. Lee Ermey is a real life former DI 
you guys remember when Adam Boozer said, "Black reach was the single most mesmerizing thing I ever saw in skyrim" .. that was pretty funny.
No Indiana Jones shooting the swordsman?
That's because Monty Python is meh.
Yeah you can go around life making errors and fucking things up while other people do it for you and think "What a fucking idiot".
DO YOU SUCK DICKS PRIVATE? SIR, NO, SIR! BULLSHIT! I BET YOU CAN SUCK A GOLF BALL THROUGH A GARDEN HOSE!
Holly crap though. What about Monty python? You forgot !!!!!!
Lot of great picks. I not sure I would be able to put them in any order.
i luv u... FUCK OFF!
what THA fuck 
You forgot the best of them all! "You're only suposed to blow the BLOODY DOORS OFF!" - From the Original Italian job. It was also an unscripted line. 
Because Misplacement works on everything, Including ideas.
2:34 when I watched the movie I noticed that dude must be high as fuck and not improvising.
Fabulous vid!
fake
Look what you started.
You probably are a religious man if you think that the argument that maths doesn't exist is good evidence for God. Because that's all he's proposed.
I feel like the Woody Allen one is bullshit. Like they made it up, and it's not a real sneeze, but it's an interesting story to tell so it caught on. I mean he actually says "ah-choo" when he sneezes. Who ACTUALLY says "achoo"? Nobody.
Wow--now I'm not a religious man, nor an atheistic one, but I gotta say that TylerNull is making the atheists in this thread look like literal retards. Can't you fags use a legitimate argument up in this bitch instead of empty fallacies and weak ass insults? You're making yourselves look more religious than he is.
I have to like Hoffman's best. Not only was it masterful improvisation for the film, it expressed his very real anger toward the cabbie just as precisely.
Great video! Very well made and informative. Liked, favorited, and subscribed.
This made me sad.
"I'll be back" was unscripted
What?? You forgot Harrison Ford's "Everything's fine here, now... How are you?" bit from Star Wars.
Seriously. Go to the top of this thread, you'll never guess what started this pointless discussion.
Good question. I followed the thread, and how strange it may seem, your comment was the start of a religious discussion. 
NO ONE fucks with R. Lee Ermey! Unless you want to get chewed out by R. Lee Ermey! You don't want to get chewed out by R. Lee Ermey... 
Haha! first I was like "what the hell!?" and then I understood the sarcasm XD
GAME OVER MAN D: Best line ever....
Number 11 should be number 1. That line defined his character.
Was, the videos over.
Fuck You.
R. Lee was actually in the marines
Click show comment to go on an adventure followed by an unoriginal comment.
like if you came for fullmetall jacket!
IS the best.
Dumb and dumber was the best!!
alota kubrick films
Some say there's a bonus part at 0:25 where you can see Jim Carey...
The heath ledger thing is just called acting.
You received my like sir, because that is one awesome piece of trivia! 
WHY DO YOU CARE ABOUT WHAT OTHER PEOPLE THINK!? JUST LET IT GO FOR FUCK'S SAKE...
The best part of R. Lee Ermey's dialogue? Stanley Kubrick literally yelled cut at one point because he had no idea what a reach-around was. Once Ermey explained what it meant, Kubrick laughed and re-shot the scene, telling Ermey to keep the line. 
Don't make me laugh... my impressive scientific illiteracy, you are a funny one! Don't lecture with your ''bon parlé'', you are still someone who believe the shit written in a book 2000 years old. You are the type of guy that think Kent Hovind is right on everything, right?
Why are there two pole smokers bitching about religion in the comments? Seriously? Laugh at funny shit, or gtfo
Hilarious I would say, a demonstration of why rational arguments are so hard to have on the internet, nobody listens to each other.
Hilarious I would say, a demonstration of why rational arguments are so hard to have on the internet, nobody listens to each other.
AAAH-Greed.
Greatness is never achieved by comity.Classic examples of 'be yourself and do your own thing'Bosses don't know shit.25 truly classic moments UNSCRIPTED﻿
#22 is Knocked Up btw
R, Lee Ermey was the best, lol
Love Full Metal Jacket. My favourite line init is when the Sargent is yelling saying '' Bullshit i bet you can suck a golf ball though a garden hose'' 
i dont support gay people or child molesting clergies, but would rather take my family to a house of gay people than to a christian church and why didnt your kind do something about theese "infesting" child rapers before they letted them in maybe we wouldnt have had this conversation in the first place. but i guess its says in the bible He who don`t rape a underage boy should be kicked out of the christian society. oh and let me ask you do are you ok with homosexual child molesting clergy's ?
I would have been laughing my ass off at that Full Metal Jacket scene
Read the description that they put above~
what does that mean .. not scripted?
Nice. SUBBED. ty. Good day.
Well at least you got that right! Well done!
hahahaha I like how he ends it, "I'll be watching you!"
dude/gal didn't you forgot the scene from "Dracula Dead and Loving It" where actor Steve Weber didn't knew a certain thing so that his reaction would be a surprising one?
Please provide evidence of teacher's labor unions doing this, otherwise you are merely making unsubstantiated claims. What I said is proven and well documented, but I've heard nothing of this happening in schools. Well, not state schools. Religious schools it's is rampant, but not elsewhere. Plenty of people being arrested, in state schools for this but I've not heard of it being covered up. As for reality.... I see no god. God has never spoken to me, nor helped me. Prove he is reality. Go on.
No Idea where this random argument came from but I wouldn't suggest playing the point fingers card, for one it's pointless and 2 way more horrific events can be placed on religious people. Please describe how we wouldn't know 'PROOF" i'm really interested to see how.
"atheists are the ones changing the world" Yeah, Mussolini, Pol Pot, Stalin, Mao, Marx, Castro, ... ... CHANGE, indeed. But keep bragging about "people following atheists", you mindless apologist. Atheists wouldn't know "PROOF", scientific or otherwise, if they were bitch-slapped back to reality with it.
full metal jacket, funny scene
yea thanks for that appreciate reading an argument about idiots spouting stuff they don't even understand...oh crap now im part of this well... im screwed Bye EVERYONE LOVE YOU
Thank you, ingrate.
Is your dementia innate, or was it induced by the local teachers' labor union?
R. Lee Ermey is a boss. =D
What? What fucking drugs are you smoking?
click show comment to go on an adventure!
As demonstrated by atheists who snuff out dissent everywhere and anytime they get control of a nation's machine guns? Every product and service your enjoy "of the outside world" is a product of the Christian West. Say thank you, ingrate.
No Raiders of the Lost Ark? 
"... shift those rapists to other .." That is precisely what the teachers' labor unions do, yet you Leftist Fundies are silent as church mice on your beloved labor union comrades. Perhaps now is a good time to insist that atheism has nothing whatsoever to do with politics. Atheism -- a merciless jihad against reality.
Yeah he got it confused with a similar scene in 40 year old virgin
atheism is the acceptance of the 'outside world' and the mindset of wanting to conqer and controll it, religeon is a way to try and deal with youre fear of it.
22. Is NOT 40 year old virgin. It's "Knocked Up"
I suppose it is also the fault of atheists when the Clergy shift those rapists to other church's and cover it up to protect the image of the church. Countless kids have fallen victim to people that the Church has already caught and just tried to hide it rather than going to the police. But that can't be the fault of the religious people involved. It must be the atheists. Or were you planning on blaming another religion? Those tend to be the standard religious responses.
Your demonstrated inability to follow a thread is almost as impressive as your historical and scientific illiteracy.
Homosexual child rapists infest the Christian clergy, so atheists blame their target organization. Your kind are on the same side of queer activists who pose as victims to demand more queer clergy. The midget-minded atheists are theologically REQUIRED to get everything back-ass-wards. Nice username, and thanks for demonstrating my point.
Wheres Will Smiths crying scene in The Fresh Prince??
TEARS IN RAIN! I'm so glad it's so high up <333
I would if they let others be, which they clearly don't. 
Clearly you don't, but keep in mind others do have a religion so just let them be. 
Oh. It just seems that everyone is against me just because I'm Catholic. I've a ton of comments over my defense for my religion.
Mabye I am, mabye not, I just need to accept that fact. At least you don't go all out saying: "religion is a load of shit".
how the hell are you talking of religion ?????
Touche.
Offended? A fuck I do not give. 
how about the scene in fight club where then the narrator hits tyler in the ear?
Look at the guy third guy in the line, the taller guy. For a split second you can see him holding back a laugh.
"Five foot nine! I didn't know they stacked shit that high!"
so much uf these scenes is in family guy =) i never got them till now lol
The current Pope called homosexuality "an intrinsic moral evil".
You don't sound very intelligent...
Religion is offensive.
Sure! "Some of the most iconic scenes were unscripted. I think that shows that dialogue is in the perception of the actor's character, and its situation. Or they're just wicked actors."
Sure! "Some of the most iconic scenes were unscripted. I think that shows that dialogue is in the perception of the actor's character, and its situation. Or they're just wicked actors."
if #1 was unscripted how did no one laugh at that?
No GoodFellas dinner scene??
Fantastic video.
That is offensive.
The bible, yes is against gays, but we have been a bit more lenient towards them we ahve allowed civil partnership and such but we are still against gay marriage. And I do go against all the bad the church has done in the past (The Crusades).
Great compilation :D 
Thanks for proving that you're wrong, you can't read & the fact that you're good with words doesn't prove your smart. Have a nice day, "believer".
Theist, if you say mathematics don't exist, but god does... I'm just not gonna answer to your idiotic comments, as they are full with retarded ways to explain something. Point is, you're probably older than 40 years or you haven't studied anything scientific.
Heath was all "Haha, I'ma bad ass... Wait.. What the fuck, where's the other explosi- OH FUCK!"
What's wrong with being gay? o.O (not gay, just not opposed to it) I think you've just proven that you know NOTHING about both the church (= the people, probably also atheist corrupted by power, "leading" your kind) and ethical science.
Are you kidding me? One of my least favourite lines in cinema history. There is a very good reason why the writers do the writing, and the actors don't.
Actually, Pagan is a religion. You can't be a pagan atheist, as atheist comes from the Greek word "Theos" which means god. Atheos means godless, translated freely. You have to understand my English is a bid bad, and I do know it's impossible to convert a believer by a discussion on youtube, but in general, people who believe aren't that clever.
Dull minds, minds relying on Scientific PROOF, whatever man. I do know that the atheists are the ones changing the world. I know the atheists are the ones who actually DO stuff. I know people follow atheists. I know atheists lead countries. I know alot of atheists are humanists. I'm proud to be an atheist, as I'm one of the many that see through the illusions that our current society brings, mainly produced by people still influenced by either power or religion. Now how do you respond to that?
Press "show comment" to go on a long & magical adventure!
Could not agree more.
Stalin didn't
press (Show the comment) to go on an adventure.
Why the fuck is there an argument about religion on this video?
I dont believe most of these were improvised..you took away the thunder of some brilliant writers. Actors may make it look natural, but they are someone else's words.
My disdain is justified by thousands of years of pointless slaughter. Religion is a disease, much like cancer. Occasionally, it drives people to goodness and selflessness, but more often than not, it kills without thought, mercy, or purpose. Were religion a set of harmless philosophies, I would accept that it has a place in the minds of men. But it isn't, so I won't.
Those people were pious, and most of them engaged in Christian philosophy. To answer your comment to me, religion is great philosophical idea, and while you may reject it, to have such unjustified disdain towards it is to be anti-intellectual. 
Do any of you realize this is a video about film and not about Nazi Catholics, Santa Claus,whether god exists and atheism....
I love Bill Murry 
Every single name you listed came from a time where you could be burned at the stake for not being Christian. Now that there are no such punishments imposed on rationalists, humanity as a whole is finally drifting towards the truth - a truth which is far more thrilling and eye-opening than any book written by bronze-age sheep herders.
MLP is escapism, like any work of fiction. The world is a dark place, and often, people seek to lighten the burden of existence by freeing themselves from reality from time to time. Fiction is not the tool of those afraid of life, merely that of those who are weary of life.
They must have been retarded cause they were Christian because only retarded people can be Christian and Atheism can't be worng. You forgot Descartes. 
I thought MLP was such sanctuary. 
Do you think you're smart because you use complex words? Five bucks says this guys got two more windows open with a dictionary and a thesaurus
Scream - you hit me with the phone, dick! The phone was not ment to hit him.
Damnit, you forgot Indiana Jones.
3:06 whitest teeth I've ever....... seen on a soldier in battle. 
amazing acting, fuck the script im gona make this awesome
I`m sorry did i told you you could to speak to me?. You know what yeah i'm rather a atheist than a child molester like your kind.
Actual drill sergeants do. The best ones are Tim Conway with a stiff hat and a loud voice.
How is Johnny Depp's "I have a jar of dirt!" Scene in P.o.C. not on here?!
Luthern Germany made a 70% Catholic Army?
Wait a minute... Georges Lemaître didn't invented astrophysics, what are you talking about? And what is that suppose to mean? Since Christians invented science, they are more intelligent than atheist? What about Einstein, Hawking, Bohr, Planck, Dirac? They were all agnostics and they all did a better work than their predecessors. Your argument is invalid.
You--a miserable bent cunt-hair...now shut the cock up already. 
"...like tears in the rain." was unscripted!!!! Holy fuck, never had a clue. Best ad lib I've ever heard. wow. 
Lol, this is rich. You copy/paste pseudoscientific garbage that you don't understand from vacuous religious blogs, then when asked to clarify, you insult the intelligence of others to cover up the fact that you don't know what you're talking about. Typical christian.
Religion - the sanctuary of those too afraid of real life to accept the truth.
What about in the first Indiana Jones where he skips the fight scene and just shoots the sword man. 
I hate the Sandy Hook commercials. 
nuclear wessels was unscripted where the woman answers him
Wait, they didn't script the part in Batman where joker blows [part of] the hospital?
I cannot watch that scene in "The Usual Suspects" without laughing my ass off.
cheers mate
I enjoyed watching this. Thanks!!!
how bout fuckin step brothers... almost all of the arguments if not all were improvised! thats fuckin impressive
how bout fuckin step brothers... almost all of the arguments if not all were improvised! thats fuckin impressive
I give reach arounds
@Gideon Richter okay um... You're asking why people are arguing on this video but yet you added into that before that? Hey not trying to offend but where's the logic in that?
Fucking Godwin's law.. you've striked again..
Like the USSR, those anointed by the atheist socialists who control such taxpayer-funded institutions are also ... wait for it, wait for it ... like-minded atheist socialists! Such a shocker. Now for the best & brightest: The science of genetics was fathered by Mendel, a Christian monk. The science of astrophysics was fathered by Lemaître, a Christian priest. The science of physics was fathered by Newton, a Christian theologian. The scientific method was fathered by Bacon, a devout Christian.
$2000 an oz.... ACHOO
I love how the most memorable scenes in movies are the ones that are unscripted
93% of members of the American National Academy of Sciences are atheist, 97% of members of the UK Royal Society are atheist. These are the most intelligent and best educated people that have ever lived, if you think that you know better then you are arrogant. If you think some tent dwelling Palestinians knew something that the greatest minds of our time don't know, you are deluded.
what I meant was the font
Drill sergeants. 
Peterdivine... Drill sergeants and drill instructors can come up with the funniest stuff you will ever here on the spot.
yeah.. "religious politics," "Nazi Army"? -- I think Gideon is making up this shit.
I always learn so many new words from youtube fights
"Like tears in the rain", best one.
Agreed. This is probably the most idiotically entertaining "discussion" I have yet seen on youtube.
hang out with a few marines hahaha you'll be surprised
Wow, seriously, the entirety of Full Metal Jacket was improvised? You gotta be kidding me... who comes up with stuff that quickly?
I crack up every time I see The Usual Suspects' line up scene.
no way "Warriors, come out to play" was improvised? Best part in the entire film
reading that crap gave me AIDS...
It also proves my point that no matter what the conversation is about on the internet, it will turn religious.
.... I'm a warrior... Aw man I never run never snitch... I'm a grown man dog I ain't no bitch...
some great lines by some great actors. i enjoyed it 
The original comment was "Why do people debate religion on this video?" Which was followed by a long religious debate. I can only imagine the length of the debate that took place before someone decided to ask that question.
Actually, in Mein Kampf, Hitler states, "Hence today I believe that I am acting in accordance with the will of the Almighty Creator: by defending myself against the Jew, I am fighting for the work of the Lord." I call that correlation.
32 comments to be exact.
Not another YouTube video ruined by a religious argument in the comments? Surely not, that never happens.
MY FUHRER! I CAN WALK
You missed the "I could have been a contender" scene from "On the Waterfront". I've heard that some of that was improvised by Marlon Brando. It was a very poignant moment in the movie. 
2:30 HOLY SHIT IT'S CICERO!!!
No Spinal Tap.
in common usage proof and evidence are equivalent. - in the scientific sense there's worlds of difference, but no one is asking for proof of God, but merely strong evidence. The reason it has to be strong is because "extraordinary claims require extraordinary evidence". I can't disprove the existence of an invisible pink unicorn that often has sex with the flying spaghetti monster... but I don't have any evidence that would lead me to believe they do exist. Same goes for all the Gods proposed.
Humanity created models to explain the processes of the Universe, which were maths and physics. The numbers WORK when applied to real-life phenomena. Your answers are not answers, they are irrelevant parallels and your answers certainly don't constitute evidence for God. Maths is abstract, yes, just like the God you are advocating. Maths is also demonstrable, unlike the God you are advocating. Whether maths "exists" is a non-sequitur in relation to whether God exists. 
what are you talking about then?
felt a lot longer clicking on "in response to..." to get to the beginning of the thread then coming back down. mildly entertaining. 
I blame theism for the things it deserves to be blamed for. Atheism doesn't deserve to be blamed for the Cultural Revolution or the gulags, Stalin and Mao do. "Wherever and whenever Christianity has flourished, humanity has thrived." Correlation does not imply causation. Also, Africa hasn't flourished under Christianity. 
As you helped demonstrate, God is no more or less "alleged" than mathematics. You're welcome. And the fact that you still don't understand any of my answers doesn't mean they're not answers. "... based on observable phenomena ..." No, mathematics is NOT tethered to any physical reality, contrary to your grade school understanding of arithmetic as a synonym for mathematics.
It's not worth arguing with this retard. I checked out his channel and he's obviously a troll. He's a low life who prides himself in annoying people on YouTube. I wouldn't waste my time on this idiot. 
Regardless of the above logorrhea, it is on theism to prove that God exists, not on atheism to prove he doesn't. Occam's Razor is very specific: If it's not necessary and there's no evidence for it, it can be considered nonexistent until evidence is provided. That's how null hypotheses work. Atheism is the null hypothesis to theism. 
That's excellent to hear. Merry Christmas friend 
1) give us evidence/proof that god exists. 2) if everything needs a creator, who created god? 3) there are many very intelligent atheists in the world, saying that we're dumb is just you thinking that anything other than gods word is nonsense. 4) religion is just mans way of filling in what they dont understand. And lastly, its a bloody video about unscripted moments, watch it and say if you liked it or not dont go on about religious bullshit
Wherever and whenever Christianity has flourished, humanity has thrived. Conversely, everywhere atheists have taken control, their genocidal madness blossoms. And so much for your earlier denial that atheists don't blame theism whilst insisting that atheism must be absolved. Atheist dogma fails by each and every measure it attempts on everyone else. If it weren't for failed logic, atheists would have no logic at all.
im not talking about the annotations....dummy
"burden of proof" is ambulance chaser blather. Scientific theories are "proven" only in the sense they are validated by an abundance of evidence and an absense of contradicting evidence. However, those theories fail if we interpret them as universality statements, which is what Atheists impose on "proof" for God. Yet the formal logic implications of NOT interpreting them so can be used to dismiss scientific theory as invalid and utterly useless, with the same veracity as that for God. 
It's funny that you call another person obnoxious. You think it's obnoxious because you have no answer. The request I gave it absolutely central to the question, and your mathematics "parallel" is weak and irrelevant (not to mention obvious avoidance). Humans formulated the laws of mathematics and physics based on observable phenomena in the universe ie the mathematics of the laws of thermodynamics, gravity, etc. Thanks for admitting God is alleged though. Guess I can stop asking for evidence.
Can you provide evidence that mathematics exists? (See, I can obnoxiously recite a request, ad nauseum, too.) There is nothing tangible about the mathematics you claimed to prove. All you did was attempt to mask the intangibles, i.e., integers and operators, through colloquial lingo. Those are no less "alleged", i.e., axiomatic than that of God. As for the rest of your claims, the salient point thereof is that a creation event replaced the more atheist-friendly, infinite and forever model.
I'm sure you're a perfectly decent person who would not be for any such oppression. Unfortunately your bible disagrees and your church has been responsible for all of them in the past.
Atheism does not have the burden of proof. Would it not be illogical for me to ask you to disprove that there's a teapot orbiting Pluto? No, it'd be me, the person making the claim, who would have to prove it. Same with you. However you're perfectly at your liberty to believe anything that you want. Personally I only believe things that are demonstrably true, but each to his own. 
The Catholic Church opposes none of them (I should know, I am one).
LOL 2:00
LOL 2:00
Nothing to disprove his existance, besides can't I believe in him if I want to? Another thing, I find it hard to believe the world created in 7 days story or the "big bang theory" because it sounds wierd that the universe cam from nothing.
Are you sure these are unscripted? 
I'm talking about tangible items like rocks, surely that's obvious. You can prove that rocks exist. You can't just allege that the Universe had a creator. Current science indicates that the origin of the universe is a singularity. However such a thing bears no resemblance to a God as defined by Christianity. Can you provide evidence that God exists?
What's with you and atheist? Were you molested by one as a child or something? Nobody gives a shit about your opinion of atheism. I, just like everyone else, just want you to shut the fuck up. You're annoying as fuck and your arguments are idiotic. 
Would you like to name a few
I more than certain it is to do with the fact that they believe about an eternal soul that may or may not go to a promised paradise but they preach as a means of trying to "save" you. For Christians anyways, don't know to much on many other religions about preaching per say
"if you have one item and someone gives you another item, you have two items." Given your "proof" of the existence of mathematics -- your notion of that, anyway -- if "an item" is that which created the physical universe, then the physical universe evidences the existence of that item. Q.E.D. Guess what we call that item.
One plus one would make two regardless of whether we were here to think the thought.
What I said was that you don't understand the difference between Atheism and Agnosticism. A good percentage of the people you were talking to weren't active Atheists. I agree, active Atheists are stupid to boast about not believing in God, but those who ponder the possible existence and choose to believe that there's no knowable answer are different. I'm going to assume your a Christian from your comments? Correct me if I'm wrong.
Math is a way of thinking, its a thought
Maths exists and can be proven to exist because, as has been pointed out, if you have one item and someone gives you another item, you have two items. Christianity didn't have anything to do with it, great leaders and tacticians like Churchill did. And you're putting words in my mouth. Of course the church does good. However it has a lot to be held accountable for, notably oppression of women, blacks, gays, science, freedom... Can you provide evidence that God exists? 
"Almost all your comments are hidden because of the negative votes" And yet the atheists' aren't. (Take a minute.)
"Reality... existence." -- so math does not exist? "Christianity had nothing to do with it." You wish to dispense with reasoning, preferring your decrees as holy writ. Even there, yours are incongrous with other atheist dogma. Specifically, atheists claim religion is the cause of the world's problems, yet here you claim it has no effect whatsoever regarding the good. That's almost as idiotic as claiming religion has effects whilst insisting its absence (atheism) has none. Almost.
5:57 improv?! Whomever he was a drill instructor too.. damn lucky bastards! 
I bet you have like no friends and all you do is troll people on YouTube all day. Just shut the fuck up already. Almost all your comments are hidden because of the negative votes. You're annoying as fuck and it's obvious people don't like you. You should step out of your mom's basement every once in a while and socialize. 
Reality relies on evidence to define existence. You have provided no evidence. Please, the other posters and I are begging you to resolve this. Provide evidence. The West defeated Germany. Christianity had nothing to do with it. Paganism had nothing to do with it. The Church has committed innumerable crimes against humanity. Meanwhile, you can't commit a crime in the name of atheism. Atheists don't kill atheists in arguments over who believes in God less.
Numerous understandings of an object, by numerous people, do not change the uniqueness or nature of an object, so what's your point? The brightest minds of our species, from the earliest recorded history, ponder the nature of God, the cause and purpose of creation, whereas atheists boast of their disinterest and inabilities. All of which is fine, except the latter claim that specific dullness of their minds evidences some sort of superior reasoning. It doesn't.
Your dictionary sophistry performed one full circle of reasoning (that's bad), with "exist" defined by "reality", & "reality" defined by "exist". It is such mush minded notions powering your atheist proselytism that is the issue. The English language was not the issue. It is the Christian West that defeated the pagan socialists of Nazi Germany. (Pagan, hence the swastika, not the cross.) So much for your ability to utilize correlation to evidence causation, your stale adage notwithstanding.
How do you know these scenes are unscripted?
they couldnt stop laughing cus benicio del torro farted.
I usually don't. It's just that sentence that you concocted is horrifying.
This may be the longest comment thread I have ever bothered to follow.
Doesn't seem like you have the ability to distinguish Atheism from Agnosticism. In my eyes, your God is just as likely to have done all of that crap as the Greek Gods.
With the Usual Suspects they just couldn't stop laughing, the "In English Please" was also improvised and by the director. 
Criticism helps you improve.
OED defines "exist" as meaning "have objective reality or being". (I double checked.) Objective reality meaning that the evidence is so incontravertible as to assert that "x" still exists whether a person believes in it or not. No evidence has been presented, therefore the null hypothesis is assumed to be true. Stalin and Mao were atheists and monstrous people. Correlation, however, does not imply causation. (I also don't blame Catholicism for Hitler; such arguments are garbage on both sides.) 
To explain what in the clips is improvised you dummy.
I'm surprised at the Gunnery Sgt. Hartmann scene. There are a few places where it seems horribly off balance, like the guys had just learned their lines so I assumed it was just nervousness. But I guess this explains it. Interesting vid.
so that's what people mean by reach around..
there is no god, like there is no spoon...
Fuck, religion vs atheism bullcrap even is here -_-
The Dark Knight Scene was the most unexpected 
"Still see no evidence" Don't be so hard on yourself. Until you understand your own atheist concept of "exist", and you just demonstrated that you have not, you never will. Oh, and nice try absolving atheism from its own history (LOL), but your blather failed to change change the historical record of atheist governments. (I double checked.)
There is no logic to his baseless assertion, as I already cleared up. You failed to address my point thereof, which makes your assertion of the exchange as baseless. So much for your claim of grasping logic. There is NOTHING that is either "compassionate" or "Christian" about defending atheist apologists, as atheism is the world's most genocidal theology, and not by a small measure. Perhaps your notions of Christianity are merely the residue of all you've absorbed from Hollywood's atheists.
So, numbers "exist"? That too fails the atheists' metric. Where are these numbers in the physical universe? They must be in the same sky-daddy domain as God, as atheists mockingly state. The point was to demonstrate the utterly witless notion of "exist" that so clearly powers atheist proselytism. Yours is just another stark demonstration of my point. Replacing your notion of "exist" with that of "real" changes nothing of my point.
Wow! I didn't know that all most memorable quotes from these movies was improvised.. 
quality video. subscribed 
Full Metall Jacket is such a good movie, especially the beginning.
I like number one the best <3
why such stupid text???
What about District 9? Sharlto Copley basically improvised almost all his lines in that film
Any more comments on the movie scenes?
2:13 - the laughter in this scene from The Usual Suspects was prompted by one of the actors letting rip a VERY smelly fart - you can see a couple of them actually covering their noses.
MISSED THE INDIANA JONES SCENE WHERE HE JUST SHOOTS THE SWORD WIELDING MAN INSTEAD OF THE LONG FIGHT THAT WAS SUPPOSED TO OCCUR, FORD HAD THE SHITS SO THEY LET HIM USE HIS GUN.
"Must be a king" "How can you tell?" "He hasn't got shit all over him." -unscripted line from Monty Python and the Holy Grail, should've made the list. 
the final one was the funniest in my opinion 
most of this is probably not unscripted
Wow. So many grammatical errors it's unbelievable.
Gimi d fukn kis mfkr wadufuc
Gimi d fukn kis mfkr wadufuc
There are a lot of improvised lines in Kubrick movies. Even if he was kind of a control freak and actually almost encouraged it
Dumb and dumber should be higher up there.
Great clips and facts!
Good job putting these together. 
it's important to have a hobby, even if other people don't understand why you do it, or try to stop you from doing it, by doing it as well, just with worse grammar and more profanity. also no one's going punch you, right in the face for saying it openly in public forum. which would happen if they tried this shit in reality.
#1: It does not change the meaning. If you disagree, please tell me what it means without what you added and what it means with what you added. #2: You can almost never post "the entire thing" because people can always clamor for more context. So you have to draw the line somewhere. Namecalling because someone draws the line differently than you is ....unwise because it simply is more likely that people will, than that theydraw it exactly where you would.
@TylerNull calm down ladies! ........... Have a spork
wow, heath ledger was a genius. i am going to smoke crack so i can grow up and be like him...
@StrajderVilinkameni Anyway, who even knows how these discussions emerge on YouTube? Still, as long as nobody's getting actually hurt by it, does it matter?
@StrajderVilinkameni Bugger, posted that last comment before I'd finished writing it.
Still, it is an individual's right, and calling a choice made by an individual names is a violation of it. People should just leave everyone be. P.S. I don't see how this discussion is related to this video at all.
As a maths graduate, I must say this: mathematics is entirely based on logic. The area of study of mathematics are abstract, ideal objects, which may resemble the "real world", but they are not a part of it. Often people argue that natural numbers, such as 1, 2, 3, etc are part of the real world, but that is forgetting that numbers aren't objects.
I guess Stanley Kubrick didn't do a lot of scripting. 
Anyone else started singing "a la la la la long" at the end of the clip? No? Just me then...
I love the Bladerunner one 
EVERYTHING!#Q!@#%@#$^%T@YH@$%^HGBNGFHEB WBV 
"She used to fart in her sleep and wake the dog up." I'm calling liar on that one.
Yes, and you are the one who is still arguing with him. Snipes right now is being logical, and a true Christian by being compassionate towards all others. I'm pretty sure there is a bible quote that says to love all others of every religion.
Religion is still a lot of silly bullshit though.
I'm a maths student and I'm not so sure about that. There are plenty of things in mathematics that are either useful fictions that we use to describe the world, like complex numbers or fractions, or completely arbitrary standards that are there because they need to be, like the order of operations. That doesn't mean maths isn't useful or important, just that there isn't some ideal world of forms where all these mathematical ideas are floating about waiting to be discovered.
I bet you're the kind of guy that would fuck a person in the ass and not even have the goddamn common courtesy to give him a reach around!
yea and thank you i know everybody that's a christian isn't all like that and tbh i sometimes go to wensday church meetings, just cuz the people that go their are really awsome. down to earth people and just cuz im athiest they still greet me like everyone else. i listen in onto the stories tell and i cooperate but yea they are really kewl people and everytime i go their i always have fun! but my saying is i go cuz of the people and even though its for god, i go cuz its fun
Great video, but some of the background stories aren't correct. 
A Clockwork Orange
NO REACH AROUND? 
a clockwork orange i believe
Seen it before can't remember it 
Dude, there's no use in arguing with him lol. Notice how he either a.) ignores all of your points or b.) calls them stupid and "mindless." He just wants your attention; he's a small and pathetic little being :).
You are SO right. It is to me one of the finest moments in film. Every time I hear it I get chills/tears. It crystallizes what the replicants were feeling. When he says: "....all those moments will be lost in time, like, *ahem*....tears in...the rain." It takes a moment to realize HE'S crying which is mind blowing. The irony is that his tears are lost in the rain at that moment as well. This is not lost on Roy, as he smirks slightly at the irony of the moment. Stunning moment in film!
4:53 What movie is that?
Hey, man, I'm agreeing with you. There MIGHT be a god. I don't see evidence for, I don't see it against. But you can't just go around telling them what to believe and what not to believe. If someone asks for your belief, you give it. You don't just walk up to people and tell them some shit they don't care about. That's not how you SAVE people. Telling them they're going to "burn in hell" is not how you help people. It just keeps them away.
Yup. Apparently Del Torro had really bad gas. His messed up accent was totally his idea too. Great flick. 
Raiders you mean. But yeah, great use of improv and all sides playing along. 
The slow clap by the Joker from Dark Knight (when Gordon is appointed commissioner) is improvised too. HL's role in DK should be an entire course in acting. 
Please shut up. 
Good fucking compilation. Thanks 
Hoffman is awesome lol. A testament to how in character he was that he didn't even flinch when that taxi came around. Had no idea it was a real cab until now..
"I'll bet you're the kind of person who would F someone in the A and not even have the common courtesy to give him a *#$! reach-around". Now, this one really made me chuckle.
Blade Runner and Full Metal Jacket two best movies of all time. 
Fuck all of you stop with this religious bull shit on YouTube
I do speak for all Christians. I speak for the entire church, the bride of Jesus. You did not by any means act Christ-like. Do not try to defend yourself, according to the Word, you are totally in the wrong, and if you knew anything about what is in the Word, you wouldn't have spoken so harshly to those non-believers. They're not all jerks.
Funny story about the first one with the guy who threw the beer can: He got payed an extra 700 dollars for having a speaking role which, as cracked dot com put, proves that the only way to get anywhere in Hollywood is to be a dick.
Direct your whining at the atheist who launched the thread, nitwit.
If atheists didn't mock their own straw-man contrivances, they would have nothing to mock. THANKS FOR THE DEMO, ATHEIST.
I hope you are speaking for yourself as well. Also, all of you are being annoying and cluttering up the comment section. Religion and Atheism has no place on this video. So shut up.
R Lee Ermey was actually a certified drill instuctor. As much as he was acting the part, it's really more like he's been filmed doing his job. Pretty genius to be honest; why get actors when you can get the real thing.
Why are we talking about religion? I CAME HERE TO WATCH MOVIES GODDAMNIT!
Atheism -- the passion of discussing anything and everything but the topic at hand, especially so if the topic is atheism.
wow these comments are retarded... you guys are just non stop feeding this bible troll lol
wow these comments are retarded... you guys are just non stop feeding this bible troll lol
"By your same reasoning" It's not my reasoning; it's atheist reasoning. It's an analog of the atheist's decree, and it demonstrates the utterly mindless core of atheist dogma regarding the EXISTence of God.
How long did it take you to write that, half an hour an hour?
Behold the murderous rage of an atheist midget. Whatever you do, princess, keep steering clear of any relevant point, to focus on "tone". (LOL.) That's so very atheist of you.
watch your tone before i find you, drag you in to a church and hang you in the cross and then skin you alive. 
No, atheists don't "talk so badly of us Christians ... because of crap comments like yours". Rather, atheists attack Christianity because it has always stood most firmly in the way of their genocidal madness. And speaking of arrogance, stop posing as if you speak for all Christians, and just speak for yourself.
Heath ledger in the dark knight what a genius for doing that funny button pressing <3
I am a non-denominational christian and I second that!
how do we get religious discussion out of this? wow. but i do however enjoy ravi zacharias
reach around.............................
Never feed the trolls
By your same reasoning, Language, which is a human construction, is irrelevant and fiction. The bible was written in a language as well as passed on by word of mouth in a language. What is to say that it, too, is not fiction? What is to say that it is not a "fairy tale," so to speak. I suppose that you think that science is all faked as well. When you put sodium in water and it creates an exothermic reaction producing plasma that we typically call fire, is that an act of God?
Is it just me or does anyone else have a laugh when there is an argument about religion on a YouTube video? Apatheist if you care to know.
A bunch of movie scenes: Perfect place to have a religious argument.... douches.
If evolution is real, how come when monkeys mate they don't make humans? YOUR TURN, ATHIESTS
See what happens when you give human beings an avenue to spew their thoughts all over the Internet? Asinine arguments like this one. I, for one, am a Christian who whole-heartedly believes in God and the power of Christ. But, if someone doesn't want to believe what I believe, you know what? That's perfectly fine. Whatever sets your groove, as I always say. There's is, however, a difference between a true Christian and a Bible-thumper. Please don't lump us in with them.
At least i don't belive in a book that's even more absurd than Homer's epics or the tale of Gilgamesh. Enjoy your meaningless ancient fables and stories about people trying to rape angels, fathers having sex with daughters and god's people backstabing honest gentiles just becouse their prince was in love with a jewish woman.
retards = comments = shut up cunts.
Hey. I deeply apologize for this so called "Christian" doing what it is he did. Please understand that the majority of us aren't by any means judgmental and condemning. Our faith has actually caused us to share a deep love for everybody. I hope that this persons actions hasn't negatively shifted your view of Christians that actually practice what they preach. Happy holiday's and God bless. :) 
Are you freaking kidding me? Atheists and other nonbelievers talk so badly of us Christians accusing our faith of things so unbiblical and blown out of proportion and its because of crap comments like yours I as a Christian have a love for everyone and try my best to show others my love for them and where it comes from to no avail because of so called "Christians" like you You will be the first of the "Christians" who will be deceived by the same people you despise because of your arrogance.
What does the umpteenth YouTube Comments religious debate featuring a bunch of idiots who care too much about what each other think have to do with these great movie scenes again?
these 2 are the scum of the earth...
Way to use the most common excuse ever devised by atheists... just saying.
wow, that I know from star wars wasn't in the script? That was like, 1 of the defining moments for Han Solo. I'm impressed. 
Lol... What a joke. C'mon now.
We want LotR
The line was cheesy as hell.
Not only was the "tears in the rain" line improvised, but so was the whole speech. Just goes to show you how great of an actor Rutger Hauer is overall.
Yea! Fuck the free world!
hm, hasn't most of the wars on earth been caused by religious people? and some of the most disturbing and cruel wars and battles been fought in some gods name? atheist just don't want to be told what to believe in, told what to put their faith in or how they should treat other people. if they treat people badly its because they deserved it was an asshole and. take the 3-4k years worth of torture and death just in the middle east alone all in the name of Allah. 
That was great! Nice work!
He gives us theists a bad name, thanks for being mature and not stooping to his level.
ironically, I've never had a "zeal for the torturous death" of anyone until you jesus must be crying if your the best apologist he's got
Why.
Movies likes is way there is school shootings
Actually, they knew it was not good for them based on what God had told them. Knowledge of whether or not something is good does not guarantee that someone will choose the good.
That is the mystery of OUR existence. Free will is necessary for us to love, yet free will gives us the power to reject God and choose a deficient good, which is evil. The real question is why did God make us. The only explanation is that our existence must culminate in some ultimate good. Also, Adam and Eve would have not sinned if they had applied their will only to what they know. They didn't know whether or not having knowledge of good an evil was good for them, but they did it anyway.
lol he who is without sin cast the first stone ring any bells there buddy. That ego you tethered up like the Goodyear blimp is the exact opposite of the dying to self that Jesus taught. All this literally 'holier than thou' crap you have been spouting is pretty clearly your failure to truly grasp the fundamental essence of the religion you claim to be devout. Why don't you take a deep breath and have a think of who you actually worship, God or yourself. 
The Batman scene was not only scripted but practiced hundreds of times to make it absolutely perfect because they could only do one take.
scroll back up and watch the vid you came to watch then :)
There's also the part when Aragon broke his foot from kicking a shield and fell screaming in the air because the pain was too much to stand.
godspeed ?? HAHAHAAHAHHAHAHAHHAAHHA you're not religious you're just a damn trolll LOLLLLL go back to your cave little troll nice try though
Where's that LotR Fellowship of the Ring scene where Lurtz accidentally throws the knife back at Aragorn and he deflects it?
Can you provide evidence that the christian god exists? I have reasoning that at the very least shows that the bible's description of god is false. If the christian god were all-powerful, all-knowing, and all-loving, then why could he not create a perfect world with no sin and no suffering, with inhabitants who have free will, and with no tree of knowledge? Either he is not all-powerful, or he is not all-loving. Any form of limitation, to me, is an indication that he is not truly all-powerful.
That's weird, you have no problem with your atheist comrade lusting for the torturous death of those who dissent, yet you STILL pose as if you're either capable or worthy of respect, only to whine that I noticed the monkey-minded pagan notions powering atheist proselytism. You are either depraved or an imbecile. Either way, the civility borne of the Christian West in which you remain marinated, only by inertia, is far beyond your grasp. And you will probably live long enough to realize that.
The fuck? I click on this to watch a video about movie scenes and it's a religious battleground? Leave it to youtube...
Actually, I revoke my offer for an intelligent and civilized discussion. The assertion that mathematics is not real is the most absurd thing I've heard all day. Math may be abstract, but it is certainly real. You cannot say the same about a god because there is no evidence for one. The evidence for math is as simple as putting one object next to another and saying 1 object + 1 object = 2 objects.
It's quite disappointing that people are using video comment boards to bicker over religious matters. Go to a random posting site to squabble over these issues.
Your inability to address any relevant point isn't anyone else's embarrassment, you shameless dolt.
You're just using big buzzwords that you cobbled together in hopes of intimidating people who couldn't understand you. Your words are meaningless, and you are dodging the question that 3234718 posed: "Please explain [why atheism is a load of diseased hore shit]." If you reply with more of your fancy phrases, I will simply ignore you and move on with my life. If you want a serious discussion with sentences that are coherent, I may reply. I'll start with: Prove to me that there is a God.
You're just using big buzzwords that you cobbled together in hopes of intimidating people who couldn't understand you. Your words are meaningless, and you are dodging the question that 3234718 posed: "Please explain [why atheism is a load of diseased hore shit]." If you reply with more of your fancy phrases, I will simply ignore you and move on with my life. If you want a serious discussion with sentences that are coherent, I may reply. I'll start with: Prove to me that there is a God.
You know who else poses as a Catholic . . . homosexual atheists wanting a steady diet of boy meat. Oddly, atheists blame only the target organization, not the homosexual atheist activists who squeal for lots and lots more of such "FUCKING FAGGOTs" infesting the Christian clergy. I'd say "go figure", but you're clearly not capable.
It was a bad analogy. Nothing is analogous to a proposition that there exists an omnipotent, omnibenevolent being who created the whole universe. You're just reframing the issue. Still see no evidence, still see lots of dancing around the question. Btw, Stalin, Mao, Kim and co. elevated themselves to Gods. That is not atheism. On the other hand, Hitler was a Roman Catholic, and was on good terms with the Vatican up to and including the time of the war. 
You needn't convince me that atheist minds are stuffed full of beliefs.
You said 4 tries, he only replied to you twice. Learn to read usernames you dumb bastard.
I'm not the best catholic you'll meet as you'll see now.........YOU MOTHER FUCKING FAGGOT I DO GO TO CHURCH, I'M BLACK AND LIVE IN SCOTLAND! GO FUCK YOURSELF AND YOUR DEAD MUM! IF SHE'S NOT.......well I hope she DIES! I go to church and you are those people who fuck up religion. I bet you're a KKK extremist or some shit. Go fuck yourself. As you can see. I'm not the best catholic. But you are much much worse.
The fact that you still don't grasp the point doesn't mean it's not an answer, just as your lack of comprehension doesn't evidence anyone else's lack of coherency. "Numbers are not being postulated ..." No one claimed otherwise. (Nice straw-man.) And it was an analogy, not a postulate. It exposes the witless nature of atheist proselytism regarding the existence of God. Oh, and observing the demonstrated ignorance and failed reasoning of atheist apologists is not "ad hominem".
You are an embarrassment to the human race. It is a shame there is no hell for you to go too.
the usual suspects scene was my favorite
You are a well trained atheist apologist, not a Catholic. OUTED. Dude.
The fart description was classic as well as the Blade Runner one
So much ad hominem, so little coherency. Numbers are not being postulated as the creator of the entire known universe. That is where some evidence would come in handy on your side. All you've done so far is dance around the question and insult people. Why don't you just answer it, since you're so confident that you're right? 
Clearly, atheism is about pimples, not theology. Focus, nitwit: your notions on matters theological is your theology. That yours may be so utterly mindless as to consist of nothing but a rejection of everyone else's only reveals the dull core of an atheist mind. Now, most of the world's most genocidal governments were ruled by atheist gov'ts, from Stalin to Mao to Pol Pot. And those genocidal governments forcibly marinated everyone in atheism 24/7. In other words, Atheism REQUIRES nonsense.
I don't think he's a troll, check out his blog... he's crazy.
crazy how half the internet still can't tell when there being trolled, (tylernull).
Fucking troll. Go preach somewhere else.
Genocidal theology? Atheism means you do not believe in a god, nothing else, it is not a theology. It's funny how someone coming from a religion that has killed millions would speak such nonsense.
I can't believe they didn't include the scene from "The temple of doom" where Indiana shoots the Thuggee wielding the sword. Apparently Harrison had a bit if an intestinal bug, and shot him to cut the longer fight scene short so he could run to the bathroom. 
i don't believe any of this 
did i ever say we came from monkeys, no i didn't. My opinion is i have no fcking idea how we came or what will happen when we die but do you know what i do know? i know that i shouldn't worry about religion or who or what started the earth, what i should worry is my life and living it. 
And you should also mention the fact that we DIDN'T COME FROM FUCKING MONKEYS, Australopithecus sp. which is our ancestor wasn't a monkey, but a ''hominidio'' (in portuguese, i don't know the term in english)... 
dude I'm catholic. You are the worst religous person I've ever met.....
Did you even read all of his comments? There wasn't much discussion going on, he pretty much just attacked! I actually don't really care about the religious nonsense, I was just annoyed because 1.) This video has nothing to do with religion or science and 2.) He compared mathematics to fairy tales. I study mathematics, he doesn't know what the hell he is talking about lol.
i love that blade runner scene
Not at @tylernull but the rest of that conversation As a so called "Atheist" I need to say I feel really sorry for these guys debating and insulting each other. You guys shouldn't debate about religion in such a way. It always ends by insulting. Accept everyone's opinion and respect them. Btw I'm always facinated how you guys can make such a long discussion about such a topic. GET BACK TO THE VIDEO'S TOPIC. Thanks :)
haha full metal jacket !
iv read the long list of comments youve been making so far, that its pretty annoying(no offense) but commenting calling us(atheists) monkeys with no brains really has an impact on how you treat others. dosen't in the bible your supposed to treat everybody nicely but calling people monkeys isn't really nice. not to mention if we don't believe in something respect us and let us choose what we should believe in and what not to believe in.
Having demonstrated your failure to grasp the point regarding its property (exist), it's a bit late to pose as if you have the brain capacity to determine whether the subject (God) has that property. No? And if you atheists weren't so scientifically illiterate, then you would know to ask for evidence, rather than squeal "prove" regarding your mindless question of existence.
You know, I havent read all of the comments between you two arguing, but Ive seen enough to make a conclusion that TylerNull is a douche and should just stop posting.
You really are that stupid. "Pagans" are polytheistic. So for some reason you think that a mindset to not believe in one higher being means we believe in many higher beings? You need to stop using words that you do not know the definition of.
i run into idiots like this every now and again. he's secluded, lonely, plenty of time on his hands and in desperate need of human attention, regardless of whether it's positive or negative. we're best off talking ABOUT him amongts ourselves, rather than talking to him. it will infuriate him, trust me. he's refreshing the page every so often to see if his name is mentioned. textbook psychology. 
let's analyze: you've been here for 3 plus hours, rambling nonsensically with anyone who will grant you their attention, which is what you most crave in the world. the "calm down" you inserted was a pitiful attempt at deflection. you really should know when facing a superior mind. i truly am curious about the upbringing that people like you have...if it weren't for the internet, you would have nobody. and i know you still haven't grasped, but i'm not an atheist. comprehension fail. i win.
Matt Damon such a terrible actor, all he does is laughing like an idiot, lol
Calm down. You already conceded my point. If my answer to your subsequent riddle so upsets you that you can't even address it, as appears to be the case, then just rethink your failed atheist notions.
Of course mathematics is a human construct. Now tell us how that proves God exists.
I probably shouldn't respond, considering that you're probably just a pathetic individual who is vying for attention, but this is too addicting! By the way, in most cases, ending punctuation is supposed to go inside of the quotation marks when quoting someone ;). I figured that an intellectual like you would be aware of that!
you're a psychological case in the making. your eagerness to squabble and spew limits your ability to comprehend and listen. the opposite of what some blind folks experience. now, all i see is a scared little fellow hiding his head in the dirt of the feeble grasp that his religion once held on the common man. religion is losing its grasp, except of course in deep, backwoods like where i have no doubt you reside from. were you abused as a child? was your father distanced from you? 
In other words, you have no rebuttal to my answer, so you'll mindlessly recite your original idiocy as if we didn't just debunk it. Got it. Good riddance, atheist.
Now we can add "wrong" to the growing list of concepts which atheist apologists fail to grasp. "Impressive".
i thought a debate with you might be interesting, but you've made it more than evident that you're just here to overcompensate for your more than clear insecurity by spewing out anything that resembles eloquence, going against whatever your adversary proposes, all for the sake of individualizing yourself and making you out to be "unique". ironically enough, you are unique, but not for the reason which you're striving for. quite comical. buh bye tryhard. math exists, my westboro baptist fellow 
Your understanding of the physical world seems to be stuck in Newtonian physics, which is roughly a hundred years outdated and obsolete. However, even if we accept all your notions of reality, the answer to your riddle would depend on the specific nature of your God concept. If, for example, you think of God as the cause and purpose of creation, which is not an uncommon concept amongst theists, then the answer, even in your Newtonian world view, would be "no".
i didn't bother to read the entire conversation you were having; all i'm saying is yes, mathematics, like morality, like god, like gravity...are human constructs. but with or without humanity to observe, decipher and catalog them, they would still exist, regardless. like a tree falling in the woods, you see? even if no one is there to hear it, it still makes a sound. picture this: if humanity were wiped out from an asteroid, would god also be wiped out? 
Hmm, I see. You're one of those who can't accept that they're ever wrong. Either that, or you're just a very good troll. If it's the latter, then I commend you! Impressive work!
Oh my god, you're still on here? 
That's weird, you concede my point, and then complain vaguely about how I made it. As for your attempt to recover the lost ground regarding the atheists' mindless notion of "exist", exposed by applying their measure to mathematics, there's nothing FIGURATIVELY wrong with your recital of the adage "laws of the universe .. bound to it", but you seem to believe it holds literally. Clearly, it doesn't. The physical universe is not known to be "bound to" any such figments of our imagination.
Atheists distancing themselves from atheism. H-I-L-A-R-I-O-U-S. Dude.
It amazes me that some of those were unscripted...particularly Casablanca and Full Metal Jacket...they're just so iconic. 
mathematics is pure fiction, you say? perhaps it is a human construct, but the laws of the universe are still bounded to it regardless. mathematics and god have quite a few things in common. and stop trying so desperately to sound like an intellectual; you end up achieving the opposite effect. 
FULL METAL JACKET, one of the greatest movies ever made. r. lee ermey is fucking brilliant. 
To my understanding, after filming that particular scene, Ermey had to explain to Kubrick what a "reach-around" was. Hands down, my favourite improv scene of all time. Ermey must have terrified the newbies when he was still an instructor. XD
To my understanding, after filming that particular scene, Ermey had to explain to Kubrick what a "reach-around" was. Hands down, my favourite improv scene of all time. Ermey must have terrified the newbies when he was still an instructor. XD
Dude, I'm not actually an atheist. Spew your bullshit elsewhere, not on a "25 Greatest Unscripted Scenes in Films" clip. You realize that you're not going to change someone's opinion over the internet, right? Especially not on something regarding religion. 
There is nothing "silly" about publicly debasing yourself in defense of your unexamined theology of nothingness, atheist. However, we are otherwise in agreement regarding the quality of your reply. Atheists -- theologically forbidden from using their God given brainpower, however meager theirs may be.
22. is knocked up not 40 year old virgin
Your pseudo-logic is ignorant, idiotic, and frankly, quite silly. Therefore, you deserve no more than a reply that is as equally ignorant, idiotic, and silly: go suck a dick.
Your grade school knowledge of mathematics isn't evidence of anyone else's "failing school". Mathematics is an axiomatic construct of the human mind. It's a wonderful type of fiction. That a small subset has "application" --- many of which are also to nothing but other constructs of the human mind -- is irrelevant to the point. Most fiction has "applications". E.g., fairy tales as lessons for children. So, by your atheist reasoning, if mathematics "exists", then so do fairy tales.
That wasn't unscripted. There was originally a long fight scene scripted, but everybody had dysentery - including Harrison Ford - so they had him shoot the guy instead. Ford wasn't acting there - he was truly sick and exhausted..
You missed the point on pagan/atheist. Regarding your decree of mathematics, you are simply wrong. Mathematics is axiomatic, which is to say it is pure fiction. It is "spoken into existence", by the atheist measure. That fact holds for all the examples you gave. That a subset of it may be utilized to "measure things that exist" (in the physical world) is irrelevant. Your failed reasoning is based on the atheists' fuzzy, unexamined notions of both subject (God) & property (exist).
The Caddyshack scene with Bill Murray was totally improvised - not just the "it's in the hole" comment. Get you facts straight.
2:26 - "wha thaa fhuck."
im so tired of these fucking tmobile ads 
3:28 Fuck Off 
Great video.
Dammit! I recorded that and never watched it! Now i have a mission.
Seems like all the best stuff is improvised. 
Don't you have a game to be planning?
God Stanley Kubrick was so insanely brilliant, also just plain insane.
i know quite a few of them were, like the star wars one was definitely improvized.. Ford was told to think up something to say in response to Leia saying "I Love you" and he couldnt think of a response, so he left it until the last minute to say the first thing that pops out of his head, which was "I know", and the full metal jacket was improvized, R Lee Ermey didn't need a script to express his character, he was playing himself
2:19 the reason they're all laughing is because someone farted in the booth...true story
The Dark Knight wasn't improvised, it was scripted. That was a real explosion though. Nolan said the pause and Joker acting confused was the only logical way they could see to get Ledger far enough away before the real explosion happened.
The greatest unscripted scene of all time was Harrison Ford in Raiders of the Lost Ark when Indianna Jones shoots the swordsman! I can't believe that didn't make the list!
>Neither is mathematics Someone is a bit sore on their failing school. But in all seriousness, there is no evidence that there is no god. There is no evidence that there is a god. The logical conclusion is, then, that there might be a god. Also, you use the phrase "pride and gaiety" and call people "life partners" a lot. Not every atheist is gay. Some are opposed to homosexuality. I just ask you this? How is math not real. Sure, it is theoretical, but it still has applications. 
you look like the kinda guy whu would fuck a person in the ass and not even have the common courtesy to give 'em a reach around!! LAWLZ!!! 
every single one
Atheist life partner? nigga u so fukin stupid as hell
Which of those scense was unscripted?
They actually blew up that building since it was gonna be demolished anyways so its not cgi. 
I love that lineup scene from The Usual Suspects, scripted, unscripted, whatever. Love the entire film. Bill Murray might have the dryest sense of humor in the movie world, though ... I can't think of any other actor who can just ramble on supposedly seriously like that and have every word be hilarious.
"do you suck dicks?" he probably used that all the time when he was in the military
Umm ok so maybe unscripted, but several takes? Definitely in the case of Star Wars
FULL METAL JACKET WAS DEPPRESSING! 
Yea, at least the vast majority of them. Heath Ledger didn't know the first CGI explosion behind him would stop, and turned around and hit the button until the next CGI explosion went off. Give me a break,
bullshit these are improvised...
MAdeline Kahn's "Flames on the side of my face" line from Clue?
family guy version: Princess Lois: "I love you." Peter Solo: "Fuck off."
Oh man....I lose my shit every fucking time with Full Metal Jacket..;..
a hard days night: ringo's walk 
"Warriors, come out to play-ay-ayeee" was one of my favorite lines in a movie. I had no idea it wasn't scripted!
ringos walk! 
out of all the improv scenes here you couldn't add the guitar-smashing scene from animal house!???! -_-
sorry, but NONE of these lines where improvised. Look at the original scripts... Bad video.
Stalin isn't real.
cnt believe tht so many of the famous lines that everyone quotes were actually improvised
I heard the D.I. in FMJ wasn't even the original guy. That he used to be one in real life and he was watching them film it and he kind of stepped in and said THIS is how you do it, and they gave him the part. Like I said, I was only told that and don't know if its actually true. I could believe it, he sure as hell seems like a real DI to me!
i hear the come out to play when i listen to the big mad morning show.
Full Metal Jacket Best Ever
0:54 Matt Damon's reaction is hilarious. It's clear he did not see that one coming.
Good list... but it needed some of Robert Englund's improvised lines from the Nightmare on Elm Street movies
@TylerNull oh i'm sry i forgot i'm on the internet where people such as yourself will count themselves victorious as long as they find a grammar error in your comment no matter how dumb their original statement was... h3R3 h4ve some more why dont u make a scrapbook ?
#22 is not the 40 year old virgin, it's from knocked up.
#22 is not the 40 year old virgin, it's from knocked up.
I love that drill sergent. (i knowi cant spell)
what Beast can give to prove his love. "There's the usual things: flowers, chocolates, promises you don't intend to keep..." It's a scene I overlooked watching the movie as a child but now I understand and makes me laugh.
The famous "Here's looking at you kid" was originally "Here's good luck to you kid". R. Lee Ermey was a real drill sergeant so I'm willing to bet that at one point or another in his life he said things similar to what he said in Full Metal Jacket. Overall, perfect list, and a great tribute to some of the best actors, quotes and films of all time. One of my favorite unscripted moments shockingly comes form Disney's Beauty and the Beast, where David Ogden Stiers lists a number of ideas for--
Why the fuck is everyone arguing about religion? 
why are the top comments arguing about religion? Get the fuck outa here and " Give me the keys, you cocksucking muthafuckaaaaaaaaa!!!!!!!!!" 
so you are saying that there never was or is a Jesus?
Over half of the clips in this video would be on my list. The scene in Jaws where he flips his head up, walks backward, cigarette dangling, and says: "You're gonna need a bigger boat..." is my favorite when it comes to improvisation.
you're probably an idiot.
22 is from knocked up. similar scene in 40 year old virgin
22 is from knocked up. similar scene in 40 year old virgin
Is there an age limit? As long as you know enough about a subject, you should be free to debate it.
From what I've heard the John Malkovitch scene happened when a couple of extras just got drunk on set. The Usual Suspects scene was supposed to be serious but Benecio del Toro was gassy that day and it was hard for everyone not to keep cracking up, especially with them attempting to get the normally serious Gabriel Byrne to laugh, so in the end the director just let them do whatever they wanted. Harrison Ford was supposed to say "I love you too" in Empire but it came off as too wooden.
God, Full Metal Jacket is such a good movie :3
Jesus isn't real 
Sir, if I may inquire, what were you two arguing about?
Blasphemy. "Tears in rain" should not simply be #1 (instead of #6), but maybe in a video all on its own. Apart from that good list.
Game over man, best line in history. Great job Bill Paxton!
Just shut it kid, no one actually cares about your religion. Hell, no one cares about the atheists either.
Really enjoyed this Top 25. Genius acting that is ranked appropriately throughout.
Just sit back, relax, and laugh your brains out.
Well, someone definitely needs a good hug. Have fun!
Where did I say that I share your theologically required atheist stupor? The ploy of covering your eyes and taunting "you can't see me" works well, but only on 2-year-olds and atheists.
Just remember ladies and gentlemen, that it's not TylerNull's fault that he wasn't hugged as a child.
Where did I say I was an Atheist?
"There is a complete difference between ..." ... A and B, too. So what? Your vulgar, bigoted blather fails to address the failed atheist measure of your atheist life partner that I just exposed. 
Heath Ledger < R. Lee Ermey The Dark Knight < Full Metal Jacket
"denying the precept" Offering your notions of other theologies fails to address my point of yours, atheist.
Your need to ignore the context of the question to proffer your claim reveals the delusion powering your claim of logic. (It also fails to address my reply to your own point, atheist.) If it weren't for failed logic, atheist would have no logic at all.
oh for Thor,mithras and Sols sake, cut out the stupid religious crap in the comments on this video. ~sigh~
Your own failed logic against you. Yours, Motherfucker.
"you have never once defined any of the terms" True. I prefer the English language definitions of words. What are you using?
So you're denying the precept of a Trinity and Jesus Christ as a physical being? Or Vishnu as an Avatar in the guise of a physical being? Nope. No Atheist or Pagan concepts there. Yours, Motherfucker
"So Atheists have...?" Yes, as demonstrated by the question "where is this all knowing ... being". A question which implies the notion that such a being would exist in the physical universe. That is a pagan/atheist concept. In the future, just ask.
The Paris Island drill sergeant scene from Full Metal Jacket is absolutely one of the most brilliant 10 minutes of film I've ever seen. 
You're banding around, grouping 'Atheists' as one category. Why? There are plenty of subsets, hard, soft, existential - just as there are subsets of Deist philosophies or religions. I've read a number of your posts and you have never once defined any of the terms within which you are working or accepted differences between groups or schools of thoughts, instead you refer to a category of one within your polemics. Ergo over-generalisation. Yours rationally, Mothefucker.
There is a complete difference between a dead person who gives presents on a holiday made on the birth of a moronic human believing he is the son of something that doesn't exist, and between something that shows value in numbers created before your religion ever existed. SO you are a "fuckin dumass jesus lovin fag".
the original Italian Job was great with Michael caine. the exploding truck scene where it blew up far more than they projected and his improv line in response is a classic.
"You do know that" declaring "religion" to be "horse shit" is the "over-generalization" to which I replied? In the future, don't demonstrate your ignorance of the thread in the same post that you claim you can distinguish between a generalization and an "over-generalization". Nice chat, "motherfucker".
wow loads of relignuts ranting now in the comments of an excellent selection of unscripted film scenes.. just as they do in all videos, forums etc.. it seems.. FMJ and Bladerunner are my faves..
And that rutger hauer line is brilliant improv./ 
So Atheists have 'Pagan notions'? What an utter load of oozing, weeping bollocks.
"santa is not real" Neither is mathematics. Atheists' inability to ""deal with" their own failed reasoning, based on their own pagan notions, is almost as impressive as the pride and gaiety they take in professing their inabilities to "see" ... anything thereof. 
Im almost certain the dark knight bomb scene wasn't scripted.....it's just heath is that good
You do know that over-generalisation is the first sign of a truly bigoted mind? Nice work, motherfucker.
"Yeah well," there are no words tiny enough to hide the bigoted idiocies of atheists, though I admit to the possibility that some atheists are genuinely too stupid to understand anything even AFTER their own posts are explained back to them. (In the future, try not to boast of the extent of your illiteracy just prior to posing as an arbiter of what is and what is not "less dumb".)
awesome thanx for sharing
@amojak the thing is though, the bible tells you that you have to preach to get others and yourself into heaven :/ its not all bollocks, I used to be a strong Catholic and being one made me the moral person i am today :)
Yeah well, using big words won't make that statement less dumb...
awesome!
awesome!
Your stubborn ignorance of topic of the thread you chose, be it genuine or just the typical atheist sanctuary, wasn't that impressive when you first demonstrated it, and it hasn't improved with age. Oh, and your claimed-witless obsession with my post isn't anyone else's OCD. But keep bragging.
I love religious debates. The religious swear their heads off at the athiests though they claim to love God, and treat others with respect n all that jazz. And the atheists find themselves a bit too ignorant- we dont know whats going on outside of our world? Who says God exists or not? Same argument with fairies and stuff.. no proof no answer
GAME OVER MAN = greatest line in any movie.
 Theology is the study of religion. Nothing I've said has anything to do with Atheism or religion. It would appear you've been looking at your thesaurus for too long today, you're getting words mixed up. Why does everything keep coming back to religion with you? You may have some degree of OCD. See a doctor immediately.
that's how you spell it
If you atheists ever evolve beyond your monkey-minded pagan notions you may learn to better mask your zeal for the torturous death of those who dissent from your genocidal theology of nothingness. Until then, we'll gladly help you chronicle your depravities. Godspeed.
yep.
So where is this all knowing and powerful being? I hope you get cancer just so you'll have unanswered prayers. ZING
Your inability to post anything relevant (after 4 tries) isn't anyone else's embarrassment. Neither is your bout of stupor as a defense of your mindless theology. Cheer up, though.
Oops, you forgot to address anything relevant. Try again, atheist.
What does Atheism have to do with my comment? I was basking in the convoluted and inane babble you're trying very hard to pass off as your natural lexicon. It's actually a little embarrassing. :(
*you're You have beautiful sentence structure. You have English syntax down pat!
Atheism -- the pride & gaiety of dull minds.
the greatest line in Aliens wasnt even scripted, how awesome is bill paxton now?
Oh, thank "God" someone else agrees with me. I was beginning to think I was alone in this fight. That's the last time I'll talk religious on this site. People are insane here. 
LOL! What a bunch of white noise. 
You'll have to excuse the poor fool. By looking at his account picture, it can easily be seen he's catholic.
Midnight Cowboy taxi scene was great! and who'll ever forget the beginning of Full Metal Jacket...
The Shinning? Was that a movie about people's shins?
It's easy to make that mistake though, seeing as the whole "You know how I know you're gay?" running joke started in The 40-Year-Old Virgin.
That scene wasn't from 40 Year Old Virgin, it was from Knocked Up. Jesus christ.
Not sure why the scene from True Romance wasn't included.
that explains why the joker was frantically pressing the remote it makes sense now
LMFAO, religious debates suck almost as much as little girls trying to debate.
Hypocrite...... nobody gives a fuck about your religious views of lack off, All the "atheists" or are just as if not more vocal then the religious nuts and even more annoying. 
Jim carrey alway improv, duh
because it was epic and they almost did it for no reason but heath ledger is a badass and made it work
HOLY DOG SHIT only steers and queers come from Texas and you do not look like a steer 
So, by your atheist calculus, your aiding a foul mouthed atheist bigot, posing as an ignoramus and then whining that I noticed, makes you the clean classy one here. Got it. Good riddance, atheist.
This makes me wanna watch full metal now
Makes it even better!
you're missing the line in waynes world about bugs bunny
So far, you're the only one who's been "foul mouthed". Look back and you'll see that I didn't swear at all in my comments. I should have been done with you hours ago. Good bye.
It's amazing how such iconic stuff was thought up on the spot.
y is everyone arguing rly im atheist but that doesnt mean your beleifs are stupid really people its nearly 2013 your beliefs are your beleifs get over yourself
I don't think the 'Raiders' swordsman scene was improvised, more of a last minute change in the script, this must of left the guy completely gutted, to practise for weeks only to be replaced by something more simple.
Personally I thought the clapping Ledger does as the Joker when Gordon walks into the police station when his fellow officers were congratulating him was much stronger than the one included in this series of clips.
Sgt Hartman FTW :D
Bill Paxton had the best lines ever 
Though in all fairness usually the God comment is over the top, and blatantly unnecessary. As in, "This video offends me and my religion. Though I am saved by going to church; all you heathens have no such protection. May God have mercy on your soul." 
Pardon the "big words", atheist, but distracting from your ignorance and bigotry, and its resultant idiocy, by proffering a fake concern of a child is just unseemly. Were your concern genuine, and your theology not so perfectly depraved, your concern would be that a child is comfortable with openly, publicly posting her mindless bigotry, not that someone mocked the moron who's aiding and abetting her trashy, foul mouthed behavior. Atheists -- the world's most effete bullies.
Don't forget just about Bill Murray's entire performance in Ghostbusters...
You're the bigot more than we are. I, unlike you, have kept an open mind and explored religion, before making my decision not to be religious. Therefore, I'm not exhibiting bigotry. You try to sound so smart with your choice of big words that you had to look up in the dictionary. And do you realize you just told a 14 year old girl that she had a life partner. Real classy. 
actually harrison ford was sick and they decided on him shooting him instead of the sword/whip fight
holy shit, that was improvised? nice!
FMJs boot camp bits are some of the best lines I've ever heard.
Too true.
Your atheist life-partner posted mindless bigotry devoid of the "explain" you (both) instantly requested of the mirror. Thereby you (both) demonstrate one of the many mental diseases so typically infesting the fertile nothingness of the atheist mind. (Thanks for the assist.) It's not that atheists fail so reliably, but that they do so by whatever measure they're attempting on those who dissent. That's one nugget from the "load of diseased horse shit" powering atheism. Comprendo?
yeah we do love a good argument.
yeah we do love a good argument.
that one is actually in the script, the thing is that the original idea was a swordfight but harrison ford talked with spilberg and told him that it would be better for the movie if he just shot the other guy, so they did, it was a script change, not a scriptless scene
That's because you can't explain.
thanks for uploading!
Please follow your own request.
Uh, have you ever seen a guy say, "I believe in God," and get attacked from all sides by people who don't? I see it all the time. Neither side is right because their whole intent has become to make the other wrong instead of accepting each other's differences.
Actually, its always the atheist I find that comments fist and 'preaches' their belief. And they say Christians are hypocrites.
the "you know how i know youre gay clip" was a deleted scene from Knocked Up not The 40 Year Old Virgin. when they did it in T4YOV they wete sitting in an apartment playing Mortal Kombat.
Please explain. 
point of interest when given the oportunity to keep your comment to yourself you instead felt it was neccesary to contribute to the debate athough it was nothing worth contributing considering the statement was hypocritical
It should be noted that atheism is a load of diseased horse shit.
full metal jacket! laugh my ass off every time i hear it
wow... so many good films
It should be noted that religion is a load of horse shit.
It goes both ways. Both start arguments just as much and only a fool would say otherwise.
stanley kubrick had to actually stop the scene in Full Metal Jacket because he didn't know what a reach-around was.
2:15 Benicio farted in that scene, that's why everybody's laughing. :)
I can't believe Matt Damon's scene in Saving Private Ryan was improvised and not scripted. It was one of the best scenes in the whole movie!
My favorite unscripted scene was the fart scene from Rain Man
Number 22... Fail
okay.
That just goes to show how great was Heath in understanding the character, risking all of the money for the scene
Nah, it's those bastard agnostics! Playing the both of us like fiddles.
*SPOILER* The scene where Deb runs to La Guerta after shooting her in the last episode of Dexter Season 7 should totally be on this! Her acting was amazing!
At first I thought these were fake, but I remember my cinimatic studies teacher shows us blade runner, and the shining, and talked about how the one dude recited a poem, and it fit so perfectly they kept it, and jack improvised a lot trough the shining actually.
Like I said, what if Nolan might have rejected the scene. Wouldn't that have been a waste of lot of money??. As i see it, even if it was not scripted, Nolan was compelled to go with the scene.
Essentially all of Bill Murray's lines in Caddyshack were completely improvised. For example, the "cinderella story" scene shown in this video, the script only said "Carl is cutting the tops off of flowers."
I usually find it's atheist people bagging on religious people more than religious people preaching to everyone. Just my 2 cents though... 
Extracted from ScreenRant's site, No. 32: Originally, the Joker was supposed to walk down the street while the explosion at the hospital began, get on the school bus during the scripted pause, & the bus would drive away while the explosion finished. However, Ledger stopped walking during the pause & in a moment of improvisation began fidgeting with the remote detonator in a very Joker-esque manner - bringing a slight amount of dark humor to what would have just been a serious scene.
i think you will find that is what i said.. somebody mentioning "god" is the religious troll i refer too. the thumbs up on your comment probably reflects the amount of religinuts stalking this comment section :) . thank you for confirming my comment.
The Joker's walk, i still don't get how it was unscripted. If for some reason Nolan might have rejected that part where Ledger improvised, wouldn't that have been a lot of waste of the money involved in shooting that scene i.e. the bomb explosion.
Hopkin's.......chilling. 
ol
The reason why the last guy is always playing a drill sergeant is because he was one. Go with what you know. 
Ha ha! Common courtesy for the reach around..!! Ha h
No. This one started with a flat out religious quote spam. Out of the blue.
The sign of a "real" actor is someone who can say what the character would say, even if it isn't in the script. Incredible! 
i remember reading bout that..Ford had a cold right and was like fuk this fight scene...bang
O, and I'm pretty sure that guy just Googled 'fucked up bible verses' and snagged the first one that popped up. Just tried it and yep...
Agreed. Anyone who thinks that the meaning wasn't changed by taking that line out of context would probably have a hard time comprehending 'Where's Waldo?' books.
So Matt Damon came up with everything on the spot?
Wow, some really famous quotes were improvised. And you missed the Raiders of the Lost Ark one where he shoots the swordsman.
when did he say he hasnt seen it?
Blade Runner... Now that part brought back memories. Flawless acting..
that full metal jacket scene is legendary and hilarious lol 
Actually usually someone makes a reference to god, and atheists jump on it leading to the fight with neither person trying to end the fight. 
improved?
wheres bill murrays character from Ghostbusters? that whole character was improvised.
you left out the line in Rocky when Mickey says "hey Rock, ever thought about retiring?" Rocky's response "well, no" "You should think about it" (all improved)
About the last scene. Kubric had to stop the action when Ermey said "reach around" and he wanted to know what it was. When told he laughed his ass off and they all had to wait a while before filming could begin again.
About the last scene. Kubric had to stop the action when Ermey said "reach around" and he wanted to know what it was. When told he laughed his ass off and they all had to wait a while before filming could begin again.
fuk no full metal jacket fuk taxi driver....bunch of qiery diery texins watch tht gay homo shit all bout FULL METAL JACKET OOOORAAAHHHHH
Well said 
number 5 is fucking quaility,,,,HAHA,,,im walking here,,,,,,,,classic
TAXI DRIVER
Taxi Driver
taxi driver
That movie has some great lines!
Wait. what was the movie Robert De Niro is in?
i really dont think actions should count and the whole little sounds at the end shouldnt really count because it actors adding to the character not really unscripted its what they think the character would do
how the fuck did the guitar smashing scene from Animal House not make this list? Oh and when JB walked down the cafe self serve line? All actions were made up as he went.
25 scenes? HOLY FUCK I DIDNT KNOW THEY STACK SHIT THAT HIGH!
heath ledger is awesome.
LOOKS STRAIGHT OUT OF KNOCKED UP. Seth Rogen should be wearing glasses and have shorter hair if it were 40 yr old virgin
And I'm all out of bubblegum! The line you speak of can jump straight to best movie lines EVER!
another unscripted movie scene was from the raiders of the lost ark where indiana jones shot the guy with the sword. What was supposed to happen was indiana jones was supposed to grab the sword with his whip. But Either Harrison ford forgot his whip or he was having trouble grabing the sword with the whip. Whichever way it happened he pulled out the gun and the actor of the guy with the sword realized what was going on and the scene played out well
dumb and dumber........classic
The top 5 are so goddamn great.
More directors needs to let more actors do their goddamned job.
#22 is knocked up, not 40 year old virgin...
R.L. Ermey is a fucking legend for improvising so many epic lines in one single scene.
it's because religious people cannot leave everybody else alone . they feel compelled to preach wherever they can. it happens on most videos.. These are the same ones who cry oppression when they are asked to "keep it to themselves". 
They're still sketchy on letting black people into American churches. As Chris Rock put it, "If you're a black Christian, you've got a real short memory". Then there are the war children, predominantly of races other than and primarily under control of an uber-religious tyrant figure.
What? Where the hell is the vietnamese hitting Christopher Walken scene in The Deer Hunter?? Quite possibly the best unscripted scene of all time.
why people debate religions in this video? 
By only taking a portion of the whole thing, he actually does change the meaning of what is said. I am sick of people twisting the facts to support their own "opinions." I also feel everything I posted was fully justifiable.
Where's the scene from Indiana Jones where he pulls out the gun?
lol that was really blunt "Do you suck dicks?"
Christian is my favorite flavor of troll. 
Hey dicksuck, shut your gap. Nothing out of context here. The parts you added didn´t change one bit. Don´t call other people dick for no reason, or other people call you dicksuck and idiot, idiot. 
slavery was very different in those times. back then, slaves were thought of similarly to how we think of butlers now. there were a few differences but in those times slaves were almost thought of and treated as part of the family instead of as property that can be treated however
Verses 19-20, For it is commendable if someone bears up under the pain of unjust suffering because they are conscious of God. 20 But how is it to your credit if you receive a beating for doing wrong and endure it? But if you suffer for doing good and you endure it, this is commendable before God. dicks like you that take everything out of context to prove a point. I'm not christian, but I felt the need to counter bent facts as you present them.
Christians have always condoned slavery... it's in the bible. Fuck religion.
So call how so many of the most memorable lines from movies were in fact improvised. Most amazing one was "Like tears in the rain." AMAZINGLY poetic line to come up with, unscripted and spontaneously (well, unless, I guess, you're standing in the rain, lol).
what? 
Do your parents have any children that live?! I bet they regret that! You're so ugly you could be a modern arts master piece!
warriors was so very Gay!
In different English translations there are about 10 different words used in the end of your quote and you of course choose to use the word "perverse"... not cruel, unjust, harsh or others but "perverse" :D
I expected at least one scene from Easy Riders (1969) with Peter Fonda, Jack Nicholson and Dennis Hopper.
In the caddy shack, the whole part where Danny and Chevy are walking down the hill is improvised. Now that i think about it, probably about 85% of that movie is improvised. Watch the Making of Caddy Shack 
So Christians condone slavery now?
That doesn’t teach slavery is ok, but rather that we as Christians should be submissive to the powers at be. Peter was teaching that slaves should not stir up strife with their masters, but to have a Christlike attitude. The idea here is to not harm others. So ironically, this verse does not condone slavery as we know it today. You conveniently forgot the part where Peter tells masters not to harm there slaves.
Robert Shaw's "delivered the bomb" speech in Jaws was also all him.
are u sure they were all uncripted? I dont think so
Was hoping for the "supercop story" scene from Beverly Hills Cops.
Great list. But I also thought John Candy's scene in Home Alone where he talks about leaving a kid in the funeral parlor was great!
You talking to me?
never
Well done to the guy at 5:45 for not laughing during that
Number one was also my favourite. I literally had to reqind that part of the movie several times just to get all the wonderfully hilarious insults in!!!
Number one was also my favourite. I literally had to reqind that part of the movie several times just to get all the wonderfully hilarious insults in!!!
No - the pause in the explosion was a technical error with the explosives. Ledger knew they only had one take so, being the actor he is, made the most of what he had and pissed about with it. His jump at the second explosion is genuine
like brian, said, their experience. But sometimes, there's just room for stuff. The wiser directors, unless they're tied to a tight budget, lets the energy of the actors take their own flow, and sometimes magical stuff happens.
It's pretty funny that most of the best, most famous lines, are impromptu. I guess the worst ones are, too. Just they don't make it to us (hopefully).
I'll never understand why 5:38 is the most famous thing Hannibal Lecter did. He was a much more interesting character than that.
What about 60% of Apocalypse Now?
Kaiser Soze !!!
"I bet you're the kind of guy fuck a person in the ass" at no point does he say gay....
here's johnny!
now thas was some grade A acting by the other guy...how the hell do you A) not fall over laughing, B) stay in character and not so much as crack a smile when he busts that shit out unscripted?
I can't help think that some of this may technically be unscripted, but that doesn't mean it was totally improvised. Like in the Heath Ledger/Joker scene, the director probably told him to pause, look back, mess around with the remote, then hop into the bus. That's kind of the director's job. If you look at the script, no mention is made of the pause in the explosions, meaning that was probably a decision made my the director or a producer.
Love the random taxi part.. haha..
their experience in acting...
i dont get it.. if it wasn't in the script what makes them start saying random things 
BILL PAXTON FOR THE FUCKING WIN
Wow the sneeze was not scripted? BULLSHIT. No offense to Woody Allen's acting but that was obviously a fake sneeze. Woody allen is a brilliant writer and to believe that he improvised ANYTHING IN ANY OF THE MOVIES THAT HE WROTE IS RETARDED. While some of these may be real improvisations, give me a fucking break on the others.
this is probably all bullshit 
Game over man! I didnt know that was unscripted. BOSS
Tears in the rain wasn't improvised although Rutger Hauer did write the line.
You forgot the scene in Leon the Professional where Gary Oldman talks about Beethoven.
missed the "welp...see ya later!" from dumb and dumber
5:57 Fives stars all around for no one bursting into laughter after that line.
I won't disagree with any choices here ... but I always thought that Nada's "I have come here to chew bubblegum ..." line from "They Live" was unscripted. For a less then memorable film, the line has had some legs to it.
I like John Marco Allegro's well documented, Scholarly view on the bible
Everything said in Full Metal Jacket was the best lines ever. 
And?
R. Lee Emery is such a swag boss
tears in the rain <3
I think the interrogation scene in 'Act of valour' should take this. The actor did not meet the navy seal before that scene, it was the first time they've met, and it was 100% not scripted. They were given key points to talk about, but they wanted to see the seal work his magic!
Makes a big splash when you remove it from it's historical and cultural context and place it in post-African slavery America where people are familiar with only one form of slavery. 
guy
I love how John William's music from Jaws transitions perfectly to his music in Star Wars
The Usual Suspects should have been number one!
wow lmao htat was so cool how u turned thta around on him rofl XDD
This is called "acting."
#12 wasn't scripted!?!?!?! 
If R Lee Ermey's dialogues were improvised, how many takes must these scenes have taken? You'd have to have a cast of deaf extras for there not be someone falling on their ass laughing
I dont think this is the proper way to share the good news. Be kind heart and preach what is the good news. For telling people that they'll be going to hell is not Christ like because that is not good news. Share love and peace for people would here. 
fuck fuckidy fuck, 666, lol illuminati, praise the fucking devil ahahaa! Fuck off faggot.
Yep. Everything R. Lee Ermey said when harassing the recruits was from his own mind. The writers/ director just gave him the scene and he came up with the material
the warriors is the gayest movie to ever exist.
I read on cracked that they were laughing because one of them had farted. It was supposed to be a serious scene, but that kind of ruined it.
as if!
"Slaves, be subject to your masters with all reverence, not only to those who are good and equitable but also to those who are perverse." (1 Peter 2:18)
thats awesome!
The one from full metal jacked is unscripted 
blade runner WHOOOOOO!
For all have sinned, and come short of the glory of God. But God commendeth his love toward us in that while we were yet sinners Christ died for us. For the wages of sin is death; but the gift of God is eternal life through Jesus Christ our Lord. That if thou shalt confess with thy mouth the Lord Jesus, and shalt believe in thine heart that God hath raised him from the dead, thou shalt be saved. For whosoever shall call upon the name of the Lord shall be saved Rom3:23,5:8,6:23,10:9,13 & see*6:4*
the The Usual Suspects scene is most definitly unscripted
Loved the compilation.. thanks
Loved the compilation.. thanks
All of these are indeed scripted..
I'm getting a bit doubtful that all of these were unscripted.
the warriors scene was the worst scene in the worst film
its from full metal jacket, how have you not seen that? classic
Where's Gandalf hitting his head on the low ceiling in The Fellowship of the Ring? Well, I guess that's not really a line, more of an action... 
0:36 That's Knocked Up, you stupid piece of fuck. 
The director
Who exactly says these are unscripted?
Like tears in rain... 
Why would it be?
why isnt 20 number 1?
was al pacino's ''say hello to my little friend'' unscripted? 
What about the scene from Its a wonderful Life when the guy walks into the trash cans? 
Michael Madsen.
This is like the best video on Youtube.
R Lee Ermey is the man. I heard a lot of his stuff was off script.
In addition, I believe he actually told Kubrick that he'd actually do better improvising. 
De Niro is quoted as saying that the "you talkin to me" line he got that idea from seeing Bruce Springsteen in concert and Bruce said that line while on staged.
What about Jaws where the girl who is being pulled around in the water at the beginning? She had the two speedboats that were supposed to pull here around one at a time instead pulled her both at once and broke her ribs on either side! When she screamed "Stop!" was real because of the pain.
the number 1 was my favorite. I bet you're the kinda guy to fuck some gay in the ass and not have a common courtesy to give him a reach around
why does an addition of two words called "a Great unscripted scene"? =\
Very cool 
Becasue R. Lee Ermey actually has been a drill instructor (spelling.) He knows how to act like that
How is the scene from Full Metal Jacket improvised? There's no possible way! Reason, I don't believe there's a single actor in the whole world that's good enough to not piss themself laughing during that scene :D Epic!
Why did you deform the picture?
that was improvised?? XD ahaha brilliant,that was my favorite line in the movie,downey jr rules for that
R Lee Ermey in Full Metal Jacket was incredible
you would fuck a guy in the arse and not have a common courtesy to give him a reach around! ... buahaha epic xD
That definitely should have, as well as the "I don't care." by Tommy Lee Jones in The Fugitive.
I prefer the version where the explosion is the improvised part. Or possibly the nurse uniform.
because lord of the rings is for virgins who have never played a sport in their life
I know for a fact that almost all of these are indeed scripted, the others I haven't checked yet.
what makes these scenes unscripted? 
It's been said that the fight scene between James Caan (Sonny) and Gianni Russo (Carlo) in the Godfather was mostly unscripted and that Caan almost took Russo's head off when he threw the stick at his head.
Pretty cool stuff.  Have your annotations on. #ft #movie﻿
Instead of "Mein Führer, I can walk" you should've taken the whole chat between Peter Sellers and the russian president. The whole scene was improvised by Sellers and Kubrick laughed his ass off while filming it.
What?! That line was improvised?! I didn't know that.. 
"I love you" "I know" LIKE A BOSS
that wasnt really improvisation, unless im very much mistaken kicking the helmet was in the script but the scream was not because he broke 3 of his toes.
Talk about getting into character. 
As much as I like some of these scenes, some were absolutely scripted! Don't think for a second that some actor can go off script and become famous for it. Like Han Solo. Harrison Ford went to Lucas and asked to play with the line before he just uttered it in a scene. Lucas knew exactly what Harrison was going to say before they shot it. So goes for most of these lines that are supposedly ad-libed. 
lol calm down.
25﻿
Also, in Usual Suspects apparently Del Toro had terrible gas in the line up
Travolta: Hey watch the hair. -Saturday Night Fever.
Never mind, I phrased that wrong. He was supposed to scream, but just... not that loud.
His loud scream right after he broke his toe was definitely not in the script though!
How could you ruin such an awesome video with incorrect aspect ratios and an ugly, unreadable font? :(
From IMDB: "R. Lee Ermey, consultant for the Marine Corps boot camp portion of the film, performed a demonstration on videotape in which he yelled obscene insults and abuse for 15 minutes without stopping, repeating himself or even flinching - despite being continuously pelted with tennis balls and oranges. Stanley Kubrick was so impressed that he cast Ermey as Hartman."
From IMDB: "R. Lee Ermey, consultant for the Marine Corps boot camp portion of the film, performed a demonstration on videotape in which he yelled obscene insults and abuse for 15 minutes without stopping, repeating himself or even flinching - despite being continuously pelted with tennis balls and oranges. Stanley Kubrick was so impressed that he cast Ermey as Hartman."
Damn, that last one was entirely improvised by the instructor. I would not want to piss him off in real life lol. 
full metal jacket's drill instructor is not only an actor but a retired us marine and he served as a drill instructor thats why he is so good!
Isn't it funny how many of the best scenes in motion picture history are improvised? I guess you just can't script talent.
I wouldn't consider that improvising: Harrison Ford merely suggested it and they filmed it. "Improvising" seems to me to be more an actor saying or doing something in front of the camera without telling anyone or without any direction.
R. Lee Ermey. Just awesome. 
Lol yup. 
Fun fact the Drill Instructor R. Lee Ermey from Full Metal Jacket wasn't even supposed to be the actor in the movie, he was just the military adviser and he did so well when he was showing the actor the way to do it that they just chose him as the actor.
I think this video is specifically for lines, but still, I like that suggestion, Viggio really did a great job at keeping his cool for someone who had just broken a toe. He didn't just stub his toe, he broke it, so that would hurt!
some of these are the best scenes in movies ive ever seen and some of the most iconic in general
Hey! Wheres the Raiders of the Lost Ark scene with Indy shooting the swordsman?
half of doctor house should be here
Umm... good work!
That wasn't as much of an improvisation as it was him not realizing how hard those helmets were.
I can't keep a straight face on the last one. LOL
Correct. Because The lord of the Rings blows.
why would he.... thats just stupid.
FMJ!!!
Just did. It took me a few tries, but I managed to pull it off.
Most of these were not improvised
oppp
Watch full metal jacket over the weekend, come back to youtube to see something ranking it number one
It gets better. Wonder why he keeps his arm behind his back through most of his speech? He had been in a car accident on his way to film that scene, broke his arm, and shot the scene before going to the hospital.
4:20 - Bella?
no he didnt.....you missed the beginning where it said "ranked for cultural impact and demonstration of Improvisational skill" 
Great list, to me personally most of the best scenes are from Tarantino's movies, there lots of scenes are not scripted it's just a pile of sudden ideas... One example is the Four Rooms episode with the bellboy service or what ever was it called, can't remember the episode's name really. There were Tarantino, Bruce Willis, and few others. 80% in there was improvised and recorded in only a few shots. It was all made for random fun, no budget, just fun times...
Blade Runner was the biggest surprise for me on the whole list. That final line made the movie.
GREAT call! Granted, the "bigger boat" line is more iconic; but Shaw's BRILLIANT dialogue is far more impressive! Props to you for bringing this up!
The true BRILLIANCE of good improvisation is making it look scripted.
40 year old virgin is actually Knocked up.
In the script to Taxi Driver, it said that Robert De Niro's character is just LOOKING in the mirror, he shouldn't say anything at all.. But he improvised, and it turned out to be a great scene :)
No, but Heath improvised.
Some of these weren't actually improvised, but other than that it's a pretty good list.
That part wasn't improvised. They actually did multiple takes for that scene because Peter Jackson kept telling him to scream louder after kicking the head. It just turns out that on the last take he broke his toes and that made him let out a god-awful scream, which they then used in the film.
Oh...well... :( lol But you have to admit it kinda does sound like him a little bit. That Irish accent!
First one was when some drunk extra threw a can.
The entire Indianapolis monologue from Jaws was improvised, and much more noteworthy. 
Some of the best moments in the history of movies.
Best improvised line from 2012 : " Doth mother know you weareth her drapes ?" -Robert Downey junior
How could you leave out Indiana Jones shooting the flashy swordman in Raiders of the Lost Ark?
Only steers and queers come from Texas?
***DIALOGUE 
as if? they where indeed. they are however the best examples of great actors so that just tells you what you know of actors.
GIMME THE FUCKIN KEYS YOU FUCKIN COCK SUCKER MOTHER FUCKALALALA!
as if all these were unscripted...
The "A Clockwork Orange" scene is still one of best scenes ever, scripted or unscripted.
Looks to me like the best part of you run down the crack of your momma's ass and ended up as the brown stain on the mattress!!
awesome
lee ermey ftw
Very good compilation of films and great explanations of the scenes. One thing that would make this better is ditching that cursive type for the movie titles. Ain't nobody trying to read that...
Very good compilation of films and great explanations of the scenes. One thing that would make this better is ditching that cursive type for the movie titles. Ain't nobody trying to read that...
Oh, okay. So when That dude in The Lord of The Rings broke his toes kicking the fake head, he didn't deserve the spot for the improvisation. 
And the best part is that the drill instructor was a real drill instructor.
0:00 
1:10, the part that wasn't scripted was the explosion. lol
BULLSHIT, I BET YOU COULD SUCK A GOLF BALL THROUGH A GARDEN HOSE.
Absolutely fantastic compilation, thank you so much!
one i would add to this is the garage scene from Michael Canes Italian Job whole scene was improvised 
Dear Lord the drill sergeant seen was amazing. It is sooo contradictory
not even have the common courtesy to give him a reach-around... my sides are on jupiter.. lmao thats too much..
do you suck dicks?
That final bit, good god, I died lol. 
I love full metal jacket so much that my psn name is actually Pvt_pile44 haha
???? there's a Blade Runner remake coming out ??? 
I remember the first time I saw that scene...I honestly thought the movie was a comedy at first. 
4:12 let Ben Foster play that role in the inevitable Blade Runner remake.
That last scene, bootcamp in Full Metal Jacket is bordeline impro. Stanley Kubrick, man know for his insanity wanted to make FMJ as realistic as possible, so he visited bootcamp and saw SSgt R. Lee Ermey. He was shouting at new recruits, so Kubrick wanted him in as advisor, but proved so good he got a real part. According to Kubrick, Emrey wrote 150 pages of insults. He did improvise some parts and naturally couldn't recall everything he wrote up, but still, scripted.
gunnery sergeant heartman
Actually Singing in the rain was totally improvised by Sir Malcolm McDowell and Stanley Kubrick even went on to buy rights of that song so that he could use that on film. On the other hand, the sword vs gun was not improvised in strict sense, as Harrison Ford was feeling sick and just couldn't do the original scene, he came up with idea on set and asked George Lucas if he could do that iconic scene instead.
try and understand that the term (unscripted) means not originally in the script,yet can be rehearsed several time, for example.episode 5 Starwars.they spend hours on set trying to find a way for Han to say i love you to Leia...it didnt sound right.until he said,I KNOW.......
My face is a ballsack
Are u from Texas.
Thumbs up if you think Dumb & Dumber is the best movie ever
It is "Bullshit get on your knees scumbag. Now choke yourself." It continues but that is the part you are attempting to refer to
....no. If you're going to quote something from an amazing movie like FMJ, get it right, scumbag.
how is Ferris Bulers day off not in here...the construction workers during the parade!
The Clockwork Orange one was not improvised. Also, the sword vs. gunbattle in Raiders of the Lost Ark should have been in here
The ending was just........smh my kidneys hurt
"Piles get on your god damn knees and choke yourself"- drill instructor
@nomydude
Raiders of the Lost Ark sword vs gun scene - #1
The "You know how I know you're gay" scene in 40-Year Old Virgin is pretty funny and was improvised.... but the clip you showed was from Knocked Up. 3/10 effort would not watch again.
No Achorman? :(
Here's a great non-dialogue unscripted scene: the scene from Raiders of the Lost Ark where a swordsman threatens to attack Harrison Ford. The part where Ford just shoots him was created right on the set.
You forgot the one from Spaceballs. The whole scene where Dark Helmet is playing with his dolls!
I'm pretty sure clip 22. is an outtake from knocked up 
Hey look, my face looks like an undropped ballsack
all these scenes happen to be the best ones in history!
>"DO YOU SUCK DICK PRIVATE PYLE?" >"SIR, NO SIR!" >"BULLSHIT, YOU LOOK LIKE YOU COULD SUCK A GOLF BALL THROUGH A GARDEN HOSE!"
why the hell are you so offended?
what about the classic alien chestburst scene! they didnt know it was going to happen all they knew was 'the thing emerges'
...shut the fuck up
What about the park scene from On The Waterfront with Marlon Brando?
R. Lee Ermey would probably drill them if they messed up, he was a Marine Drill Instructor after all
They probably had a lot of takes, hell, I'd be laughing my ass off. Believe me, there were some redos.
thats what this whole video is about, unscripted lines -_- did you miss that or are you just dumb?
I would NOT have been able to not laugh during he last one, even if it was scripted. 
What about the dying drummers interview in "This is Spinal Tap"??
Where's Lord of the Rings?
The Taxi was the most unbelievable 
The Taxi was the most unbelievable 
dam those are all really impressive. except for anthony hopkins, i always thought his acting was hammy and corny. especially the hissing or w/e that was he did. the 'game over' line is great cuz its also funny, how many people have parodied that line?
Yep. He was ill the days leading to it so they couldn't rehearse the fight scene. Instead they changed it to being shot. It's not so improvised as more last minute alteration to the scene.
Indiana Jones sword fight cut short by the gunshot? Rly?
Han Solo's "I know" wasn't scripted.
HAhahahaha so messed up I'm going to hell for laughing
Aww, not including the convo at the bar between Jack and Tyler?
Just ask Heath Ledger; It's to die for. ... (Too soon?)
Steers and queers!
GAME OVER MAN! GAME (voice cracking)OVER!
#23, I had no idea that thing was from dumb and dumber
I don't have the common curtisy to give anyone a reach around while I do them in the butt. I assume they have enough on their plate with what's already going on.
Damn, now I want to see the Dark Knight
I love Full Metal Jacket! ROFL!
TELL ME DO YOU SUCK DICKS? lmao
WERE IS SPARTA!!!!
I knew it!
Very cool video. The Joker scene, unscripted or not, is so good. A real shame Ledger died so young, incredible performance, one of the best in human history.
That's Sergeant Boss to you maggot!
Actually Ford had a bad case of the shits and didn't want to move alot so he just pulled out his gun. 
0:39 is not 40 year old virgin -.-
The guy Ermey was yelling at in Full Metal Jacket deserved an oscar for keeping a straight face :D
2 scenes that should be added Remember that scene in Raiders of the Lost Ark were a guard takes out a sword, swings a sword around, then Indy shoots him? Well that wasn't scripted, there was actually suppose to be a hole big fight scene but after many tries, Harrison Ford realized the character had a gun, fired it and walked away. in Star Wars there's a scene were Han Solo's talking over a intercom in the detention area. Well Harrison Ford actually didn't read the script it was all inprovised
Game over wasn't scripted?! Wow. I still use that line now haha
About Heath Ledger and "The Dark Knight"-scene. It wasn't unscripted. The shot was a one-taker, but it was practiced several times because they knew they only had one shot to get it right. Nolan talks about in the extra material on the DVD / BluRay
The Warriors "Come out to play!" should have been ranked higher.
"Where's my money?"
Imagine how awkward for the director to tell if he did not like the improvisation.
That woody allen scene was just bad. Didn't look like he sneezed
3:26 hahahaha that was improvised
there's a good'un in LOTR-the two towers, where viggo kicks a helmet in frustration and actually breaks his toe. 
In UHF, when Michael Richards was playing with the toy from the box of Corn Flakes, that entire scene was ad libbed. One of the funniest scenes I've ever seen. 
0:59 looks like Robin Williams nose looks like a dick hahahahaha
most Nicolas Cage scenes are not scripted
Hoffman.. what a badass..
Goodfellas "How funny?" scene should be at least in top 10
Matt Damon always laughs when improvising.
Awesomme
I DIDNT KNOW THEY STACKED PILES OF SHIT THAT HIGH!!!!
Ill have the creamofsomeyoungguy from waynes world scene. 
After killing the warrior guy, "Leave the gun, Take the Canoli"
the life of brian had a script?
Stanley Kubrick, a director known for his obsession with detail, let R. Lee Ermey (the drill sergeant in Full Metal Jacket) improvise most of his lines. Considering his performance, it's safe to assume that Kubrick was afraid to tell him what to do.
I heard that in The Fellowship of the Ring the badass moment when Aragorn blocks the knife thrown at him with his sword wasn't scripted and was a total accident. Anyone know if that's true?
not pupper puffer.. IE blows
its peter puffer
Some of the greatest lines in film history were improvised.
I believe he said peter "pumper"
A better example would be the scene from Star Wars where Harrison Ford tries to pretend that all's right with the world.
or when Viggo kicks the helmet in Two Towers, he actually breaks his toe and his scream afterwards is from the pain which made him fall to his knees.
or when Viggo kicks the helmet in Two Towers, he actually breaks his toe and his scream afterwards is from the pain which made him fall to his knees.
.......22 is Knocked up, not 40 year old virgin.
quite a few lines from the drill instructor in Full Metal Jacket were used earlier in Officer and a Gentlemen.
What the heck is a peter pupper?
*scenes.
Some of these were scripted. Disappointing. 
Entire movies should be unscripted. 
I always think the same thing, but they were probably genuinely afraid he'd beat the shit out of them!
that is definitely Knocked up, it`s scene where they going to Vegas
great video! thanks for posting!
The another unscripted and miraculous scene was when Viggo Mortensen used a sword to deflect a knife that was accidentally thrown at his face in the Fellowship of the Ring.
R. Lee Ermey, BOSS. 
Mein Fuhrer!! I can walk!!! gets me everytime
i still don't understand how the actors didn't laugh all the time in "full metal jacket", especially the first part.
Packie's voice actor is Ryan Johnson, not the same guy.
the one with the taxi cab almost hitting him was real. lol they screwed up when they sectioned off the road they didnt know that taxi was going anywhere.
Were all those scenes really unscripted? A couple of them seemed like they were
in the scene from the usual suspects i read they were all laughing because they were all farting...the more you know
That Taxi one... I wonder what the driver thought when the movie came out.
loved it... my fav is the scene in PCU with Jeremy Piven and Jon Favreau talking about not wearing the shirt of the band you're going to go see. "Don't be that guy!"
I AM THE WWF CHAMPION AND I ACCEPT YOUR CHALLANGE KEN SHAMROCK
R Lee Ermy was originally going to be the movie's technical advisor because he had served in Vietnam and was a drill instructor, hearing that the lines were improvised now makes me wonder is what he was saying there wasn't the sort of things he said to other recruits he trained. It wouldn't have surprised me if some said "He said the same thing to me when I was in basic..."
R. Lee Ermey is one of the greatest....be sure to give that reach around 
is it me or at 1:37 sounds like Packie from GTA IV. I went on IMDB and while also looking for who voice over Packie, but i couldn't find him. But it sure shit sounds like him. Thumbs up if you agree, otherwise you like justin beiber LOL
i read a clockwork orande and during that scene alex is singing that song and then later is found out by singing that song in the tub just like in the movie, its pretty much te same, so how was that not in the orgional movie script lol
do remember that the first time alien ever popped out of a persons body only like one person knew about it so all the reactions were real
who turned off the annotations?
Most of these scenes aren't exactly improvised. A lot of them were bits that were decided on at the last minute. "You know what would be a good idea? If he did THIS".
nope its 40 year old virgin.
The Joker scene is one of my favorites.
I'm sorry if you liked the movie, but the whole "Warriors, come out to play!" thing was really annoying and made my ears want to bleed when I saw the movie.
0:40 I think that is Knocked up
Indiana Jones is definately a great one, though I am not sure it was improvised. I heard that actor Harrison Ford was sick and not feeling well and that apparently led to him shooting the man with the sword rather than fight him.
i knew the warriors scene was improvised , its too crazy for someone to right down
technacally it wasant unscripted. Harrison ford was feeling sick and didnt have the energy to fight. So it was actually improvised
..........mat damon
Im a fan of Lee Ermy, jajaja he is great.
5:42
some awesome films here!
The paul rudd/seth rogan scene was knocked up. Not 40year old virgin
The cab scene from On the Waterfront.
Umm, forgot indiana jones scene where the guy comes out of the bizare flinging the sword around and he just shoots him. That should be in the top 5 personaly...
What about The life of Brian, bigus dickus scene
man u missed 1 from r.lee..in the remake of Texas chainsaw massacre while hes rapping up a body in the back of a van
Fucking amazing. Thanks
Precisely the fooking point mate, and people are still give the comment the thumbs up?
Matt Damon <3
Woah.. Props to Bill Paxton for creating the most popular line in Alien. 
Fucking superb!!!
Yeah, I heard about that. I even know a DI who knows that guy. In fact, I think, I've been granted the honor of leading my group of rienforcements to help defend that place after the battle, I can't really remember though..... But I've earned quite a few medals myself after I lead 4 fireteams to some ass end of nowhere town and fought valiantly against a legion, that's what it seemed, of enemies and eventually losing all my fireteams. I was also shot during it.
Yeah, I heard about that. I even know a DI who knows that guy. In fact, I think, I've been granted the honor of leading my group of rienforcements to help defend that place after the battle, I can't really remember though..... But I've earned quite a few medals myself after I lead 4 fireteams to some ass end of nowhere town and fought valiantly against a legion, that's what it seemed, of enemies and eventually losing all my fireteams. I was also shot during it.
now that was real acting :) , not like these days movies ,,, shit I'm watching here , I'm watching here you son of bitch :/
Would that count as improvised though, seeing as they would have had to get a squib for the sword guy and make him react.
scarface, pulp fiction, e.t. ??? 
youre a fucking faggot. do you know how to spell faggot?
why cant you spell buttsex? 
you sir, are the idiot. i heard it from stephen spielbergs mouth
I remember reading that Indy was supposed to engage in a lengthy fight with the swordsman but Ford and most of the crew were taken ill (they had the shits) so they cut the scene down dramatically.
You are an idiot and everybody who gave you a thumbs up is an idiot. The shooting of the swordsman was in the script, therefore was not unscripted!!! The dialogue in the clips here were improvised by the actors.
'reach around', reaching around the mans body during buttsecks to give them a handjob. 
What's a reah around?
so you spell scene the first time but fail to do so in the second.. intriguing but highly disturbing 
it wasn't scripted but it was decided to try before the take for time constraints.
Gay comment of the day ^
Fmj is the best
Meh...it's blade runner...
Oh...the reach around.
You're a gay fish! 
Terrible font choice is terrible. 
"DO YOU SUCK DICKS?"
If Matt Damon's entire story was unscripted then I now no why Tom Hanks nor I laughed. I'm sure i'm not alone.
Guess what? Nobody cares.
Does this video not load for other people? Most yt videos are working but not this one... 
R. Lee Ermy....Know's his lines from experience.
I call bullshit on most of these. 
Voice crack 1:30
you have my support! :D
I noticed a strange and bizarre pattern while watching this. That all of these clips seem to be UNSCRIPTED
I fuckin lost it with the sneeze thing. I didn't know and it made the scene even funnier.
That wasn't improvised. It wasn't in the original script, but Ford suggested the idea and had the script changed at the last minute because he wasn't feeling good and didn't want to do the action sequence. It wasn't an "unscripted moment" where he just decided to shoot the guy on the spot.
If I recall Orson Welle's Cuckoo Clock speech in the Third Man was improvised. That was a good one. 
5:41
No it didn't. He was supposed to have an epic fight scene with the sword fighter, but Ford got sick. So he shot the sword guy because he was too sick to do any fighting.
I gotta disagree with what's said about R. Lee Ermey. He was a drill instructor in real life, so I'm sure he'd used those lines once or twice before.
i want to make a movie of all improvising.
Why should it? That scene wasn't unscripted; the scene went exactly as written.
At 00:41 that's not " 40 year old virgin " it is actually " Knocked up" that's the scene when they are driving to Las Vegas
"tears in the rain" reminds me of "crying like a fire in the sun"
Yean Quentin Tarrantino really understands caracterisation, aswell as dialogue, and story and themes and how to combine these, and he is extremely good at directing actors aswell, aswell as working on shooting and he edits his film mostly himself, he is a genius, he used the same genius on Inglorious Basterds and Jackie Brown.
So just really good acting, scripting and directorship, then; gotcha.
Not to nitpick, but scene #22 wasn't from 40 Year Old Virgin, it was from Knocked Up.
Actually very few parts of it wetr improvised both acting and scripting wide, I shot Marvin in the face dude, but that was about all, the rest was written in the script by Quentin Tarrantino and he detailedly directed the actors.
edward norton punching brad pitt in the ear in fight club wasnt scripted. 
Most of these weren't that good. Should be retitled to best in American Films. 
"25 greatest Unscripted Scenes in Films" doesn't even have the seen where Indiana Jones shoots the Sword fighter, cmon man!.
I'm Siiiiiiiiinging in the Rain thank god he added that, that scene would never have not been the same
Watching these scene makes me start to realize... I bet most of Pulp Fiction was improvised...
He is not!
R. Lee Ermy wasn't even originally meant to act at all in Full Metal Jacket. He was initially employed as the movie's "military adviser" but when Kubrick saw him actually going through a drill with a platoon he decided to put Ermy on screen. Ermy has since become an actor.
wait... ...R. Lee Ermy... does not he have a Gun show now days?
wait... ...R. Lee Ermy... does not he have a Gun show now days?
What's the song at the opening?
I think the forty year old version scene is actually from knocked up. When they are driving to Vegas. They have that "Do you know how I know your gay?" dialogue in both films though. 
This is why FMJ is one of my all-time favorite movies. Improvised is even a shy word for him, he made up almost every single line right on the spot. 
for the joker, the explosion stopping was also not scripted, that's why his acting was so amazing, i think the producers said it themselves 
1:04 HEHEHeheheee... Matt Damonhehehh... Damon.
Amazing how some of the most iconic lines in history weren't even scripted! Awesome
Pretty much the entirety of Step Brothers should be here, as most of it was unscripted.
I'M WALKING HERE!!! lololololol
Han fucking Solo
Wasn't most of that rant in Full Metal Jacket pulled out of thin air?
Except the entire movie was garbage...
That was one of the best last minute decisions ever made in movie history. 
you left out stifflers unscripted lines
Good #1 choice.
sssuffufufufuf
Lmao the the first time I met the gunny aka the guy from #1 he was my spotter at my AR competition and he was questioning me like that I told him I was from Texas just to hear his response
22 is knocked up
Not quite. R. Lee Ermey wasn't from the video, necessarily. He was a "technical advisor" on the role of the DI for the film. He did it better than the original actor, and got the job.
The movie came out first.
I'd like to make a video like this. Do I need special software or can I use something available through Windows 8 (i.e. Windows Movie Maker)?
40 year old virgin is what it said
youd be the kind of guy to fuck a guy in the ass and not even have the common courtesy of giving him a reach around lmao
Very good work, my friend! Thanks for some minutes of entertainment :) 
great line.
3:00 that wasn't scripted? it was in the book though.
According to Bill Paxton, he improvised much of his lines including "Game over, man! Game over!" 
This was a good list. However, I wonder why you didn't put in one of, if not THE greatest improvised scenes: Marlon Brando in Apocalypse Now. One of the most iconic scenes in film, and it was all made up on the spot.
actually i thought the original actor didnt show up and the drill sergeant who happened to be working on set volenteered
Should have included the birth being just a shit stain on the mattress part. lol
R. Lee Ermey (the consutling Drill Sergeant) was only a consultant, it was R. Lee Ermey himself who went to Kubrick and told him he could do a better job at it, when Kubrick sort of shrugged it off Ermey shouted at Kubrick to "Stand the fuck up when you're talking to me son!" to which Kubrick immediately stood up. Kubrick hired him to act on the spot.
Yes. That is definitely more deserving to be here than 40 year old virgin. 
gary oldman in leon should be here, the part where hes talking about beethoven is all improvised
 number 22 is knocked up
Yup yup. Plus, honestly, how could someone come up with lines THAT good off the top of their head? Impossible.
Fun Fact: everything after "John wayne is that you" was all improvised by Ermey, and the video that kubrick saw was a video of ermey insulting a soldier for 5 minutes straight without repeating a single insult.
actually it was mr blond my bad
0:36 That's Knocked Up, not 40 Year Old Virgin.
The tears in raind line was not improvised, Rutger Hauer did rework what was in the original script and he *did* write the final lines himself, however this was discussed before filming. So it doesn't count as improvisation.
Cannot argue with #1, also one of the best scenes in film!
Rutger Haur was so amazing in Bladerunner and the 80s version of The Hitcher. Then what the hell happened to him??? Did he fire is agent after those two movies?
i don't believe the first one. how does an "extra" make the decision to throw a can at the protagonist?
I'm pretty sure that Han Solo's famous response to Leah's admission of love was supposed to be "I love you too", but For thought it was out of character for Solo so he changed it. I don't know if he consulted the director beforehand or if it was just improv, but either way I think he was right.
2:09 ...and they laughed because Benicio del Toro Farted
Surprised that the shooting the swordsman scene in Raiders of the Lost Ark wasn't in this list.
It says in the bottom left corner for each one, that one was saving private ryan.
that was one of the best scenes in the movie. didn't know it was accidental. 
I think the Marines call them Drill Instructors.
2:00 if I ever get put in a line up I might try that lol
2:00 if I ever get put in a line up I might try that lol
The stopped explosions in Dark Knight weren't scripted! Ledger knew they only had one chance to film this explosion so when it screwed up, he reacted in character.
@wickerspin1119 Yeh, they knew something was gonna happen but not that
Speaking of the Alien franchies I believe the chestburster sequence was entirely the actors unscripted reaction. I don't even think they were told what to expect just so they could give a more intense performence.
what was number 13 from?
Also Heath Ledger clapping from the jail cell in The Dark Knight.
They forgot half of Murray's lines in Ghostbusters.
Yeah, you gotta give the reach-around. It's just common courtesy.
They did the same thing in 40 year old virgin but sitting in an apartment playing video games. It would be interesting to cross reference the two to see if they used any of the same lines.
Also great: An improvised dialogue between Harry Potter (Daniel Radcliff) and Mr Malfoy (Jason Isaacs) at the end of Harry Potter 2. Lucius Malfoy: "Well... let us hope that Mr. Potter will always be around to save the day." Harry: "Don't worry. I will be." Pretty impressive, Daniel was like 12 or 13 when they shot that.
That wasn't 40 year old virgin, it was Knocked Up
you talking to me?
Apparently during Matt Damon's character story Tom Hanks was looking at Spielberg with that "the f*ck is he doing lol" expression on his face =]
Great vid man :)
knowing anthony improvised that in silence of lambs is mind blowing
Hey do you want to hear the most annoying sound? Ehhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh! Lmao
Every Marine Corps drill instructor I know has been on multiple tours to Iraq and Afghanistan. Even had the honor of meeting a Marine DI who was awarded the silver star for his actions in Al Anbar Province, Iraq of 2007
2:18 hahahahaha XD
Some are just awesome! 
0:29 Harry tries not to laugh! ahahaha
I was just telling you what I was taught in boot camp, freakin' smartasses I swear.....
I thought heath ledger reacting to the explosion was pretty damn funny I never knew that wasnt in the script, thats awesome. 
Not all of them. At all.
Half of there are NOT unscripted.
I had the fortunate experience of seeing, Full Metal Jacket", in the theater a few weeks after I completed basic training. I was laughing so damn hard at R. Lee Ermy's dialogue my entire diaphragm felt like it was going to explode. He is, without a doubt, a true icon. Unfortunately no one in the theater saw the humor in it like I did, I was the only person laughing. Oh well.
I was under the impression the "here's looking at you, kid" WAS scripted.
﻿
Fun fact: Kubrick found the original actor for the drill instructor was too dull even after watching an instructional video made by a real drill sergeant, so Kubrick decided to hire the drill sergeant from the video to be the actual character in the movie.
Little side note-R. Lee Ermey (an actual Marine) was hired as a consultant on Full Metal Jacket. They later saw the awesome talent and a star was born!
Robin Williams is NOTORIOUS for his unscripted stuff. I want to say that when the genie goes off in Aladdin it's mainly him improvising. They said that when they were filming Good Morning Vietnam they would film the scene once as scripted and then just let Robin go off for another couple minutes. It was those minutes that mostly ended up in the movie.
so many of the most notable moments in film's history... and it was just made up on the spot. thats amazing
You forgot James Stewart's drunken monologue in A Philadelphia Story. Great list otherwise, though. 
And then there is Kristen Stewart. 
GIVE ME THE FUCKING KEYS YOU COCKING MOTHER FUCKER!
FMJ definitely the best
4:35 I'm Walkin' Heyah, I'm Walkin' Heyaah...lol, i love that
the matt damon story in saving private ryan is one of my favorite scenes from the movie. amazing that it was improvised, really.
Some of these aren't unscripted. Blade Runner, Silence of the Lambs, and Midnight Cowboy were all scripted. Hell, Rutger Hauer wrote that monologue himself.
2:50 like the ´un´scripted swastikas ? anyways @ least "for" kubrick movies..? 
You're both wrong, Michael Madsen is Mr. Blonde.
Wow, these are the most memorable lines in the movies. Amazing.
"I bet your the kind of guy who fuck a person up the ass and not even have the common courtesy to give him a reach around. I'll be watching you." My god... the acting chops on both of them...
Noooo Heath Ledger!!!!!!!!!!!
best 5:41 haha!
I agree, but that was Mr Blue.
beautiful invention called "pause". you're welcome.
i love when he sneezes and the coke goes everywhere, right when the other guy is telling him how expensive it is. that's classic!!
lol damn good point.
Great video, but you're mixing up dialogs and monologues 
1 word: FEAR!! lol. They were too scared to laugh.
1 word: FEAR!! lol. They were too scared to laugh.
mr white baddest motherfucker ever
You have some narrow vision dog.
I've never even heard of 'The Siege of Firebase Gloria' before, but I'm gonna check it out. 
I still cannot fathom how the other actors weren't dying laughing at R. Lee Ermy during FMJ....his lines were so amazing
I wasn't sure about that one. I didn't remember that scene, but I don't think I've ever actually watched the '40 yr. old virgin', in it's entirety. According to wiki: "Paul Rudd and Seth Rogen went back and forth with each other in a "You Know How I Know You're Gay?" dialogue in two films - The 40 Year Old Virgin (2005) and Knocked Up (2007). The scenes were reported to be unscripted."
Although the scene with the Joker blowing up the hospital is fantastic, it wasn't improvised.
I would die laughing if I was one of the actors standing to attention with Lee Ermey yelling xD
the scene with the joker was my favorite 
Rutger Haur's 'Tears in the rain speech' was more or less entirely unscripted. According to Him and Ridley Scott, Haur thought up the speech himself when he was in the shower that morning, brought it to Scott who loved it and they put it in the movie. Its deffinately my favourite part in Bladerunner
There's a button to turn them off
There was no Anchorman scenes in there. Therefore the title is false
Game over man!! I always loved that line... and the Jokers reaction was perfect for the situation.
The whole Bazooka plotline in Kick-Ass was improvised. I loved it and it played out so well throughout the whole movie, playing a major part in the end.
I never knew ......great video
It is a testament of how great a director Kubrick was that he has so many spots on this list. Seems like he let the actors... act.
HOLY FUCK, I can't believe what lines and scenes were improvised. some actors are jsut plain geniouses and deserve to be called actor as their profession. 
This wasn't even R Lee Ermey's best war movie. His best wasThe Siege of Firebase Gloria. Thank you, Sgt Solis of the Tropic Thunder Division for showing me this film!
I hated reading these annotations, they were annoyingly placed in the bottom right so I had to focus on one or the other and by the time I read it the scene finished. 
R Lee Ermy was really in the military, apparently. No wonder that scene from Full Metal Jacket was so perfect. Actually, all these lines and moments are awesome.
that was not the 40 year old virgin
Michael Madisen >_< Michael Madsen*
You think Blade Runner isn't worth it's slot? It's one of the most poetic speeches in cinematic history, and painfully close to the truth when it comes to mortality. 
AAAAAAAAHAHAHAAAAHAHA.... that's a joke right?
IT's Michael Madsen btw :)
r lee ermey.. the guy spoke to the ones who were to decide who would get the different kinds of roles in the movie like this... this guys got insane nerves
I do.... 
How did Annie Hall and Blade Runner end up so high? I'd never even heard of Annie Hall and it totally looks pre-planned, nobody actually says "A-choo" when they sneeze.
#17 I read that one of the actors was farting so their laugh is also unscripted./ (source: on cracked.com)
Number one deserves it spot, because that extra had some balls lol
Tenzin is right dude!
Full metal jacket (#1) had the best drill Sargent in any war movie in history. Dude was a classic
wow, so a huge amount of famous lines are unscripted, I think they should make a film with a good back story which all the actors read and then all the speech is improvised by them, maybe it would make a great film..
How could any of those actors keep a straight face from Number 1? Also number 5 was great too.
noo it's from the 40 year old virgin, just watched it.
the scene in the two towers where viggo mortensen breaks his toes when kicking a helmet and screams shoulda been here, epic actor :)
nr. 22 has the title "knocked up" and not "40 year old virgin" so far i know.
should of had the scene from pirates of the caribbean when Jack says he used the hair from his back to tie the sea turtles together, completely unscripted, maybe not number 1 but still funny. 
stanley kubrick dirrected 4 of them
Number 23 = Dasbooschit in a nutshell...
wow if that is true, then a lot of the most famous lines in film history were improvised. that is pretty crazy
give me the keys yo cocksucker wada fak xD 
Gunny is so awesome.
Brilliant *_*
Haha that story from saving private ryan had always sounded like improv to me
You missed the Al Pacino b....Great ASS scene....... :X 
nothing from anchorman???? like 85% of that movie was improv and it was fucking hilarious
fucking classics, cant believe i haven't seen midnight cowboys.. wow
Wheres the "You think I'm funny" scene from Goodfellas!?
Great compilation!
Great compilation!
Some of these are scripted.
Ha ha, that's awesome! XD
Number one definitely deserved its spot.
Also forgot Rain Man, when they were in the phone booth the fart wasnet scripted 
yea, if it's not scripted, then Heath Ledger won't press the detonator over and over because the explosions should be pyrotechnics's job
you got the wrong title for 'the 40 year old virgin" that was knocked up when they went to vegas
Yeah because he was pooping all over the set, and if he had to do a fight scene he would have shat his pants. Sure, its no true improvisation, but one could argue neither is simply being told by the director to do what you want, e.g. Taxi Driver. True improve is dealing with something on the spot, like the Midnight Cowboy one. Either way, the Raiders one should just be here simply for the story's hilarity. Ive always wondered if the Kiss scene in godfather part two was improv. 
It was the torture scene from Reservoir Dogs, Tarantino's first movie. It's a classic, one of my all time favourite films. 
I'm on a best of roll.﻿
gimme the keys ya cock sucka... what da fuuuck....
No, the greatest improvised scene ever is Burnie Burns yelling "do I come down to where you work and knock the dicks out of your mouth?"
Brilliant selection, thumbs up! ...Actually, I had no idea the bit from 'The Usual Suspects' was unscripted. I just thought it was only brilliantly acted out. Goddamn I love this I've gotta watch it again.
It's funny how must come from Kubrick movies. 
what was the part where the guy had his ear
it kind of helps that r lee ermy actually was a drill instructor before going into actin, but that makes the scene so much better!
That was scripted..Jones was ill that day of filming so he couldn't do the choreographed fight scene.
@Steven Foster false.it was put in at last minute when harrison said "i have a gun"why cant i use it"
i hate matt damon and his fake laugh
Great selection!! reminded me to re watch some movies 
Love the Full Metal Jacket scene, the fact that it's unscripted makes it even better.
They would have added them, or possibly changed them. Part of what makes a good actor is to sometimes improvise or do what they feel is right in the light of the moment.
Heres johnny is one of my favorite lines.I find its amusing
These are pretty much all great actors. You can tell that how they come up with all that stuff on the spot.
Classic film scenes that were actually improvised﻿
I'm gonna say this is one of the most iconic and famous scenes that was unscripted of all time! Frankly my dear, I don't give a damn! Gone with the Wind. 
Hand me the fuckin keys ye motherfucker "Wot the fuck!!!".
it depends. Sometimes if a scene does not have a full essence to it, or there are pauses, or even if a character drops or forgets a line, all these scenarios have the ability to bring up improve. Jaws for example, had a huge dramatic pause with no script, so the actor improvised the famous line "We're going to need a bigger boat." Sometimes, the director or writers will even leave parts of the scene unwritten, so that the actors can improvise. 
So,if all those lines were unscripted,does that mean the actors replaced the originally scripted dialogue with their own,or were they just not supposed to say anything at those moments or what?
yea, i don't know how reliable this video is.
2:15 Fun fact: the actors were laughing BECAUSE OF FARTS. cracked.com/article_20096_6-iconic-movie-scenes-that-happened-by-accident_p2.html#ixzz2EqNg42Ru
Yes. It was unscripted. Harrison Ford was sick and could not do the original whip fight scene so he ad libbed the gun.
R. Lee Ermey is awesome. It helps he was the real deal before he started acting, I wonder how the hell the actors kept a straight face.
The scene in the dark knight with the joker talking to that fake batman guy is unscripted. and it is amazing. Why is that not in here? The one where he goes LOOK AT ME! Nolan said he gave Heath a camera and said go for it.
wtf r u talking about, the explosion was delayed and the reflicking of the detonater by heath was unscripted. the proof was the way he rushed into the bus. 
of course, just lettin you know! I think it's pretty funny :>
What about Tommy Lee Jones in the fugitive when Ford says he didn't kill his wife & Jones says "I don't care"
You mean where Indiana Jones shoots the guy with the sword?
i love it when people don't notice im being sarcastic. jerry garcia is laughin' at you too! hahahahaha
Why in the name of fuck wasent the scene from Alien in here?!
I'm sorry man, but I am. I really didn't find much in it that I liked. Having seen some of his other films I think he could've made something much better if he would've concentrated on the paranoia evolved from thinking your space computer is malevolent. Also, less monkeys in space, LSD-trippy space stuff and the thing with an old guy in a white room would've done wonders imo. To each his own I guess.
what about in monty python life of brian here's a video /watch?v=QereR0CViMY the "i'm not" was not scripted. Then again most of monty python is unscripted
"Game over man, Game over!" From Hudson wasn't scripted, yet it's one of the most known lines in the film. Bill Paxton and his Character portrayed as Hudson is legendary.
What a fucked up font you've chosen, almost can't make out the words.
i dunno, usually when an actor goes off script the director yells cut
4:09 "How would you like to know about Lord Jesus Christ?"
Best 1:12 RIP
hahaha best for last
yep. he is also partially incorrect about the usual suspects and the casablanca.. so, I'm assuming he is wrong about most of these. 3 million views... WTF.. almost posted that before I just realized that,"The Usual Suspects" is a Casablanca reference. 
I call bs on a lot of these. 3 million views wow.
I call bs on a lot of these. 3 million views wow.
fuck you bro, you ruined my favourite thing about my favourite part of my favourite movie... fucker
U could have done the 50 greatest h had 25 more FMJ quotes 
I always thought the "I know" from Han was kind of weird. Now that I know there is absolutely no underlying meaning, it makes sense.
By the time the film was made R. Lee Ermey had been an actor for about ten years. Before acting he served in the Marines and had been a drill instructor at one point.
The building wasn't meant to stop blowing up halfway and then restart. That was a fault. But Heath, being the legend he was, stayed in character and finished the greatest scene in the movie 
Interesting that a lot these were Kubrick films.
the 40 year old virgin when he was getting waxed and the things he was saying was unscripted
supposedly, heath ledger's reaction to the delay was the improvisation...just after he walked out until he jumped on the bus
God number one gets me every time.
mmmm blade runner...
what no biggus dickus? the guards weren't told what to expect in that scene, they were just told that if they laughed they were fired.
God damn I love Bill Murray.
actually the dark knight scene WAS scripted, nolan said so himself
Just posted 2 new videos,,,, im a amateur but any views would be appreciated.
You missed the scene from Raiders of the Lost Ark the gun scene was an unscripted treasure.
I know it's just youtube, but that doesn't mean it's not still important to make sense. Try to use your brain while typing instead of just closing your eyes and hammering the keyboard. See? It's easy to be an a-hole, but that doesn't make it art. PS. Seriously, your comment is a barely coherent mangle of words somewhat related to each other.
Honestly I thought the Dustin Hoffman one was the best. He took something that otherwise would have been a "Cut!" and turned it into a great little bit of improv. Takes some serious skill to do what he did on the fly like that in a situation nobody could have predicted would happen.
No the effect of emerys was that you're going to be tore down and emotionally destroyed and then rebuilt to the point of his liking and he demonstrated that pretty well don't try and discredit this master piece as just two guy's yelling at each other because you think a scene from another movie was better improvised.
Very nice.
(y)
very cool. Knew most of them, but certainly learned a few.
Yes, it was well done, I don't deny that. And it was memorable. The problem is the result. The result of Bogart's line and Rutger's line was something beautiful. The result of the Emery's improv was still just one guy yelling at another guy. It's like the difference between the Mona Lisa and one of those paintings where a guy splashes a bunch of different colors of paint on a canvas. There are lots of times when people yell at each other unscripted. Those with practice do it easier too.
>unscripted That's a good one! Now tell us the one about how wrestling is real and stone cold steve austin is your favorite!
I thought that Indiana Jones gun vs sword fight would make this list, but this was still really neat!
ya, you're right. I mean if the "poster" of this video says its true, well it MUST be. After-all, he/she was probably there at the time of each scene or knows the actors and director. So, ya, good call.
@funkymish ya, because if the poster says it, it must be true
Actually it was a good call. Because not everything in every scene was improvised, and it was interesting to know what was. I read the caption in all of them.
Good one! My point is still valid. 
get some glasses guy
Awesome list. I was totally unaware that these scenes were improvised. Gotta say though, you chose the absolutely worst typeface for the title cards of this video. Its lack of legibility made it a strain to read. It's also ugly as balls. 
No. 25 isn't impressive at all. Sorry, but it's true.
Good call putting the pop ups on EVERY scene...we would have never known what was happening...I mean, it's not like the TITLE is "Unscripted Scenes in Films".
Full Metal Jacket... best fucking unscripted script ever. Also, you forgot Johnny Depp's "Bring me the horizon" in Pirates of the Caribbean.
This is so great. All of those are so iconic lines and they were all adlibed. You missed one of my favorits, It's a wonderfull life.
My bad. Thought you're one of -those- types. Still, your initial statement is false. Only a small amount of great lines are improvised. The rest are thought through and filled with meaning, that's what makes them great.
wtf. the greatest improv was the scene part when they are sitting at the table talking about how the sharks ate the sailors when the ship was sunk. that wasnt in the script either
Well, thank you, sir, but you'll find lots of Stanley Kubrick films on this list and although he was American, he basically lived and worked in the UK for most of his career
Thanks for the update on that, by the way. I wasn't sure about what the "sickness" actually was, and that makes a lot of sense. Still a great improvisation.
Haha. I knew he was "sick" with something. Diarrhea is definitely something to cause distress for an actor on set. I think it distresses just about anybody; I know I wouldn't want to stay on set for 20 takes with that going on. Regardless, it was still a very "Indy" thing to do, and he kept it since it came out so funny in the end.
Epic video, however I think there was only one scene that should be added. The scene from the First National Lampoons Vacation, Where Eddy offers Clark a Beer and then gives him the open one. 
He had diarrhea and did this because of that.
There is no proof that they aren't. You could always google it and find out for sure.
The attitude Harrison Ford had in that scene, (where he appears to be dizzy/moody) was due to being sick (cold, flu, or something of the like) on the day that scene was filmed, and The script had a full fight between him and the swordsman. Not in the mood for several takes, he just shot the man and went off set. And apparently Lucas found this even more fitting to the nature of Indiana Jones's character canon, so he ended up keeping it in the final cut instead of re-shooting on a better day.
1. Go to cracked dot com 2. Search for the "6 Iconic Movie Scenes That Happened by Accident" 3. Read the sources. 4. Have 6 scenes less to certify from this video. 
This a very good compilation! But I am surprised that the Indiana Jones scene wasn't in this. In Raiders of the Lost Ark, where the disgruntled Indy shoots down the swordsman in Cairo without a fight and walks off was a huge improvisation. 
There is no proof that any of these were unscripted...... just took the best scenes from movies and put them in one video.
Freaking great dude, I did not know about Midnight Cowboy, hilarious.
Freaking great dude, I did not know about Midnight Cowboy, hilarious.
can you provide proof?
I think they should have included the other scene from The Dark Knight when Jim Gordon is promoted to Comissioner and all the police officers are clapping and Heath Ledger, as The Joker and still completely in character, starts clapping along with them in such a sinister manner. That's one of my favorite unscripted scenes ever :)
America makes a lot of good movies :D
I think the drill sergeant scene took the top spot because it wasn't an a word or one sentence that was added, it was an entire text that might have taken a writer several hours to write and perfect, and R. Lee Ermey just free-flowed it on the fly without laughing or breaking character. Guess it helped that he was really a drill instructor for the marine corps. :P
Not a SINGLE Borat scene? This is BS! That said, the number 1 is great
Pretty good, but I think "here's looking at you kid" and "tears in the rain" might have ranked a bit higher. Especially when compared to the rather unimportant 'reacharound' bit that took top spot. Bogart in one line encapsulated an era, a mood and a personality. And did it off the cuff. And for Rutger Hauer to ad-lip such gentle poetry like that on the spot. That's just impressive.
Great idea for a video and nicely pieced together. Thanks for sharing!
Out of thin ether, right? If you really think so, then you, sir, ought to get acquainted with Occam's razor.
no one really cares... but i'm sure it made you feel smart 
Damn .. all were so good
one of the truly greatest videos on youtube. Humble, funny, intelligent and original. Much better than those youtubers and fancy graphics.
BULLSHIT MOST of these were scripted 
No. 1. Drill Instructors are not used more frequently. The United States Marines have Drill Instructors, The Army has Drill Sergeants. Not even close. 2. Drill Instructors are marines that went through DI School. Most of which, Meaning 90 percent, have been deployed and in multiple firefights. 3. Don't try to make Drill Sergeants look superior to Drill Instructors. There are multiple videos that prove otherwise. 
actually TEARS IN RAIN was not improvised.The actor told the script writer that is going to use that and the writer said its fantastic and approved 
Legit.
that drill instructor, i just have no idea how none of them did not break out in laughter. Where does he come up with everything? It just epic! 
a devil dog will kill you and tell you your not in the army. like you call a gunny a Sargent. he'll smack you and make sure you understand why he has the rockers under his chevrons. 
They are the same thing basically. Drill Instructor is used more frequently because those guys never seen action, but have done an insane survival exercise to gain some experiance you would get from a firefight. Drill Sargents are men who were actually in multiple firefights and other extreme exercises that literally puts their life in complete danger, and they do survival exercises like the instructors but are more badass than said instructors.
Unfortunately.... It was so damn hilarious, I just couldn't stop laughing. Only because he reminds me of my Drill Sargent when I joined up. I'm 29.
It's really cool that some of the most well-known catch phrases everyone uses came from the actor's themselves...not the script.
There are some lines that scripted but what you mean by "improvised" would be the actor's "choice", weather it be a sound of life or a physical mannerism to supplement the given line.
#22 is actually from Knocked Up. That's when they were driving to Vegas.
my favorite is han solo. he does the classic guy thing by not saying "i love you too" but the tone he uses says it all. masterful acting.
glad you said drill instructor and not drill Sargent! 
0:45 is not 40 year old virgin its knocked up
too* 
Never seen the movie, but I think 4:30 is my favorite, because it was improv with a real person (who had no idea, or was otherwise ignorant), and they go at it while the taxi is driving away... It looks to perfect to be unscripted
What about Robert Duvall's Apocalypse Now surfing scene? Or practically any of his scenes in that movie?
whats the song at 3:36 ?
2:34 girl or boy?
You missed the best one! Madeline Kahn in Clue improvised the part at the end where she says "Yes. Yes, I did it. I killed Yvette. I hated her, so much... it-it- the f - it -flam - flames. Flames, on the side of my face, breathing-breathl- heaving breaths. Heaving breaths... Heathing..." it is on of the most hilaruous things I've ever seen.
I was afraid they'd forget about the Hannibal Lecter "fip fip fip fip" thing.. nice to see it was included.
*TOO
i think the '40 year old virgin' clip was actually from knocked up, but cool video anyways
That "farting wife"sequence from Good Will Hunting is one of the main reasons I hated the film. Robin Williams is an idiot. Matt Damon laughs like a girl.
Was that supposed to be funny? cause the first Iron Man film was actually very good.
The first iron man movie was entirely unscripted
you know we can look at your profile? it CLEARLY says you're subscribed to them...
to bad Im not subscribe, Nor have I seen or read 1 movie or book. DUMBASS
to bad its a lie
To bad its a lie
What the fuck you talking about dumbass. Im not subscribed to a twilight channel you Dumbshit. I hate Twilight and have NEVER SEEN ONE MOVIE!
FUCK MINI BABY-BEL!
great job on the video
ive noticed the best memorable lines are not scripted!!
gameover man!! best line ever!!
this may sound weird but full metal jacket is so much better in german. hartmann sounds so more crazy and cruel in german, and even the expressions used are better than in the orginal. probably the only movie i know where i like the dubbing better than the original
Singing in the rain from Clockwork Orange....was...unscripted?! Oh...Malcolm, Malcolm. You twisted genius you.
You should have put volemort hugging draco at the end of The Deathly Hallows
You should have put volemort hugging draco at the end of The Deathly Hallows
Almost bad ass enough for you to spell his name right...
Wow these are all the most memorable moments from those movies.
ok, "Its in the hole" should be way higher
bullshit that the Indiana Jones fight scene from Raiders of the Lost Arc wasn't on here 
22. is not from 40 year old virgin. Rather, it is from the film, Knocked Up. You wanna know how I'm gay? I knew that right off the spot.
you missed the best one... Joe Pesci 'you think i'm funny' from goodfellas.. easily the most memorable scene in the film, totally improvised by him.. and done in one take. 
Singing in the rain still tortures me, even though it was clearly not in the novel.
THE WARRIORS!!!!!
in Zoolander, the line "But why male models?" by Ben Stiller's character is also unscripted. source: imdb
Best use of annotations ever.
Great video
Pretty sure that last "Here's looking at you, kid," wasn't improvised on set. 
That was an awesome video, really enjoyed it man :)
The drill instructor (R. Lee Ermey) in Full Metal Jacket insisted to Kubrick that he be in that movie even though Ermey wasn't his first choice at all. Most of the drill instructors scenes were improved. Kubrick cut the scene after he said the line "wouldn't have the common courtesy to give him a reach around" and had to ask Ermy what a reach around was. When Ermey told him, Kubrick laughed and loved the line so much, he kept it. Ermey was made for that role, no doubt. 
2:47 whats the name of the Song ? 
AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH
Actually, the explosions are all added later as special effects, so the joker could have improvised as much as he wanted, they just change the effects according to his actions
R. Lee Ermey is #1. He's the best. 
The most annoying sound in the world is one I have heard a million times on Garry's Mod videos... now I know it's source. I can now die a happy man
I highly doubt that. Unscripted scenes are really rare in modern films and occur mostly in comedies. Since the explosions were timed like they were, I really don´t belive that the overacting of the joker was improvised.
Are the Dark Knight scenes really unscripted?
Yes, Gunny Ermey was the best!
Speaking of The Dark Knight, there's also the clapping scene in the holding cells where Heath Ledger randomly started to clap when they announce that Gordon's been promoted, and the looks on all their faces was genuine surprise :D
R. Lee Ermy is a total badass. 
Wow.. this was awesome. 
thx, for once an interesting comment regarding the whole "301 views" thing...!
...I ALWAYS take the cannoli... 
Change is nice. It gets stuck on 301 views not because of a bug, but 301 views means it's officially classed as a "popular video" (and it's 301 because the coder did a miscalculation). The views need to be verified hence it stays on 301 for an amount of time. 
We're missing Good Morning Vietnam.
It was likely scripted as in the book, where he was recognized through a series of careless references to the original crime.
How is smokey and the bamdint not there
There is alot of great unscripted scenes here by some amazing actors, but every time I see the Joker I cant help to think of what the world has missed out on when Heath ledger died. RIP 
Anyone else enjoying these work re-imagined ads not letting you do anything on the page? Can't turn the ad off ordo anything to the videos.
I don't quite understand the Clockwork Orange improvisation. Without him singing that song, how would they have recognized him later in the movie?
24. matt damon's bit in 'ryan' was crap.
what about Apocalypse Now - "The horror..."
What, piss yourself?
#22 is Knocked Up. Not 40 Year old virgin 
it may be too spicy for the pepper!
yeah man, such an epic line! 
The scene from Clockwork Orange might have actually been a crime 
I know there is already one from The Dark Knight, but there's another one. When Gordon is declared Commissioner by Mayor Garcia for capturing the Joker, everyone starts clapping, including Heath Ledger. Ledger wasn't supposed to be clapping, and that's why everyone is astonished when they look at him. Nolan liked it so they kept the scene :)
did anyone find that disappointing? 
basic training starts RIGHT NOW!
Full Metal Jacket. Oh man, that drill sargent is fucking hilarious. I literally pissed myself laughing at that part at the end of this vid. I normally don't do that though.
Dude, those movies kick ass. They are my favorites. And no I'm not old, I'm in my late 20s.
Full Metal Jacket
what army movie was the very last scene?
In addition to that, the actors were purposely trying to get Gabriel Byrne to laugh.
In addition to that, the actors were purposely trying to get Gabriel Byrne to laugh.
ya thnx this is really no good
Merkilegt, sumt kom verulega á óvart.﻿
Matt took Robin WIlliams improv style. Check it out. 
you're right. i'm sure you could do so much better...
no so good 
@ZEXINUSS stupid iPod
@arbitor412
so... 4 of them were kubrick's. Fair enough. I expected 2001 though
two?
Too bad your opinion is worth about as much as Kristen Stewart's Guide to Facial Expression. Go back to your sparkly vampire circle jerk.
."...All those moments will..be lost..like tears in rain... " Bladerunner 96...wow WOW...so fucking true forever. 
nice spelling 
I died on number one, the others were hilarious but number one is number one
...improv is a form of acting. If a director tells you to look frustrated and you start tapping your foot impatiently, that's a form of improv. You did whatever you thought of doing when you're being frustrated. Fun fact: When George A. Romero directs his zombie flicks, the way he normally instructs his actors to walk like zombies is to say "walk the way you think a zombie should walk". This means that every zombie actor in his movie is doing improv.
haha, you did subscribe to the twilight saga channel! what a fucking faggot
22 was knocked up not 40 year old virgin
Surely that's just acting, not improv.
4:20 Rutger Hauer is the fucking man
How could you not include the dance from Napoleon Dynamite??? They just ran the film and let him go!
The one from blade-runner was scripted. It was in the book
Dr. Strangelove was the best one
It says right there in the annotations that the explosions were scripted; he asked you to keep them on for a reason. His reaction to the explosions stopping was improvised.
damn you dug deep for that burn
Too* half of these*
apply cold water directly to the burned area
The world could use a little more Stephen Baldwin
What about when jack nicholas kissed the police officer in one flew over the cuckoo's nest?
great list
#22 is from knocked up.
you sir are retarded 
the directory probably added it after wards 
or When he doges the dagger throw 
SO MANY SPOILERS! 
I was expecting the lord of the rings scene when Aragorn kicks the Uruk-hai helmet and screams.
Hell yeah FMJ is one of the best movies ever made, Imight bea little biased as I'mgoinginto the Marine Corps as well
How could the Joker scene possibly have been unscripted. He improvised an explosion?
Shut of my TV to watch. Thanks for the show. It is worth seeing again.
"07: The Shinning" Simpsons reference? 
indy vs. swordsman from raiders of the lost ark. aside from that it's pretty good.
in The Usual Suspects, Benicio Del Toro actually farted, which made everybody laugh. Originally, this was supposed to be a serious scene,thumbs so people will see
Without even the common courtesy for a reach around. We'll be watching them.
It does seem indeed, at 4:06, that you've got The Shinning. 
THANK. YOU.
At Lazer's Edge, the play the "Game over man, game over!"
AGREED >__> 
Fair enough i didn't think of it that way.
Something new that is inferior in design an user-friendliness. Not the first time they did it either. Instead of fucking up fully functional designs over and over they should focus in fixing the more important issues, like sub-boxes not working.
Surprised there's no Good morning Vietnam in here 
What tried something new with the layout? terrible...
What tried something new with the layout? terrible...
I'm happy to say I've seen every one of these films
Someone else has probably said this but since its an annotation you can probably change it if you want. In The Dark Knight, the bomb timer was off and it was not in the script to have that delay. They just kept the camera rolling and Heath improvised until the bombs finally went off. Fantastic video though.
lol so much anger, for no reason at all. Sheesh
And now Full Metal Jacket slides into my dvd player lol.
Holy Dog Shit!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Thats cool as hell about the taxi cab in midnight cowboy..I wonder if the cab driver ever watched the movie =P
When the top comments have nothing to do with the video...
Stop. My heart. Nnngh.
Obviously, the gist was that the previous layout - not the very original - was superior. Wah wah wah.
LLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL
Right, my point being that what he does falls under some sort of general direction like that. Agreed with the glove scene.
sounds gay..fuck the usa
apparently, if you delete your cookies, it sets it back to the old. That's what I did.
Most of the best movie scenes ever were unscripted
Wait. You're subscribed to the Twilight Saga channel, but half of THESE movies suck?
hell yea.
Stop fucking complaining would you rather youtube wet back to itsfirst ever layout?
Well actually Harrison Ford was supposed to use his whip to get the sword out of that guys hands, but the food poisoning had gotten him too sick to perform the stunt. After several unsuccessful tries, Ford suggested "shooting the sucker."
good list, but it was missing the scene from Armageddon where Bruce Willis says "The United States government just asked us to save the world. Anybody want to say no?"
Most of The Fugitive's interrogation scene was improvised.
What about the news of Colonel Blake's death in M*A*S*H?
Yep, I'm sure. But you are almost right as well. I watched a documentary about the original trilogy a couple of weeks ago. Around de 1:38:00 mark Irvin said they tried take after take and nothing satisfied him so they told Harrison to "not think about it" and that was how that line was created. Irvin loved it and they've kept it.
FMJ was scripted
Think about it. What is the actual point of this new layout? Was the old one too un-modern? They changed it to the one previous to this about 6 months ago. It was modern enough. This adds practically no features, and features it does add are useless anyway, the right side of the page is completely redundant... They should spend more time fixing the things that matter like the random unsubscriptions from people your subscribed to and new videos getting stuck on 300 and whatever views. 
Grow up and grow some balls. YouTube is a free service, so like it or fuck off. See how long it takes until you come crawling back.
2:28 through 2:43 what the fuck is he on... and where can i get some >_>"
Thanks Meow Fuhrer
oh for fuck sake, every time this happened you all said the same because you people cant cope with change. it literally takes like 30 sec to understand how this layout works whats so hard?
Watch Knocked Up! and tell me what you think!
Notice how many Kubrick films were in this list? 
The warriors scene was scripted just before he starts to speak you can hear the director say something like " go david" but cant be heard in this video 
Kubrick.
Gunny Wins
number 16 was really annoying 
waaaahhhhhh 
I believe # 22 was Knocked Up... not 40 year old virgin.
They don't even have the common courtesy to give us a reach-around.
No glove scene from "On the Waterfront"? I disapprove. 
It wasn't improvised on set, it was improvised in rehearsal then written into the script, so it doesn't count.
Are you sure about that?I remember seeing an interview where they claim the line wasn't sounding right on set so they told Ford to "say whatever felt natural".
That was improvised in rehearsal then written into the script. It wasn't improvised on set like the rest of these.
And that is a tragedy
Actors physical narratives usually are scripted to one degree or another. That scene would normally have a stage direction such as "Joker throws up his arms in frustration then fiddles with the detonator" I agree though its not worthy of the list (as much as I love TDK). The glove scene from "On the Waterfront" would have been a much better pick. 
That's not exactly how it happened. Ford was suffering from Dysentery, and said to Speilberg "Let's just shoot the fucker." which Speilberg agreed to. He didn't come up with it on the spot in the middle of shooting (if he had there wouldn't have been blanks in his prop gun). So while the scene was technically unscripted it wasn't improvised. 
I only came here to see the full metal jacket clip
Wait, the song "singing in the rain" was how that guy remembered who Alex was. What tipped him off in the original script? 
gotta love it when something that was never meant to happen to begin with is kept in the film of the final cut. Like that sneezing one and taxi driver who wasn't supposed to be there. Both hilarious just with the knowledge that it was a complete accident.
It's white now, previous one was better because you could see other videos from the uploader without having to make a playlist or go to the channel.
two bad half the movies suck
two bad half the movies suck
I thought it was because he had to go to the bathroom but either way it was improv.
YouTube went and Facebooked us
Which layout?
a fine one at that!
Woah did you improvise that? Haven't heard that before!
You forgot the best one--when Harrison Ford runs into the big sword guy in Indiana Jones, he was actually supposed to fight him, but he was so tired he just pulled out his gun improving 
>Implying swearing indicates anything anymore It's still kind of retarded that it's in a list of "greatest unscripted scenes." Of course the actor's physical narratives aren't scripted. It's a misrepresentative title.
He's a great goddamn director :PP
I fucking hate this new layout, it makes me sick T-T
"Not even have the common courtesy to give him a reach around" A lot of men don't. >:l
The Heath Ledger one is not unscripted. In the Making Of TDK, Nolan explicitly describes the planning for the scene, which included the delayed explosion.
That wasn't improvised - it's right in the fucking making of the Dark Knight that it was planned.
New youtube layout sucks, the old layout is better!
so many kubrick films!
These are some of the most iconic lines in cinematic history.... i'm amazed. Rutger Hauer's was especially good.
Awesome love it and thanks for the info!
Spaceball Lord Helmet with his dolls sequence.
Correction to the Caddy Shack scene, the whole story was improvised. not just the one line
aaah that drill sergeant lol 
should have had the "Nuclear Wessle" scene from Star Trek IV, a true classic
Also, Benicio del Toro farted, which cracked everybody up.
Good fellas ??? The funny guy scene ???
No Robert Jr? But he is like the king of improvisation in movies?
I was very happy to see they left the best for last....Lee Ermey is bad ass and thats exactly how Drill Instructors talk to you if you really went to Marine Corps bootcamp....well, at least they did back in the day anyway.
It means the line or action the actor did or said was not written in the script.
No, his brother, Dan, was going to make "sweet love" to a very ugly, fat chick. Ryan and his other brother, Shawn, yell "don't do it!". the fat chick freaked out and ran into a pole, falling unconscious. Then Dan was pissed, so he chased his brothers around the barn, accidentally knocking over a lantern. So he has to drag the fat chick out of the burning barn while still chasing his brothers - he shipped out the next day.
The actions/lines weren't in the script.
what does it mean by unscripted scenes?
The story from Saving Private Ryan was about his brother dressing up as a woman.
Was an obvious troll. 
fucking retard 
You forgot the unscripted scene from Christmas Vacation with Clark Griswold's rant! D:
how do u know these r unscripted?
what about the ending to "Cradle 2 The Grave". Im pretty sure tht was improv, it was funny as hell
Who wouldn't take the cannoli?
Huh, that's cool! That's one of my favorite movies. I never woulda guessed.
Also at 2:20 someone kept farting 
What?
Excellent!
So what happened to the "How am I funny" scene from Goodfellas? o_O
The Shinning is from the Simpsons.... one of the halloween specials :P 
do you suck dicks?!
Yes. Its knocked up..
You sure? They do that whole "Y'know how I know you're gay?" Throughout 40 year old virgin
The Shinning, seriously? Proofread next time.
That whole scene from Full Metal Jacket is hilarious evertime!
This is awesome.
People are confusing "unscripted" with "improvised". Most of these lines are not improvised but are unscripted. Han Solo line, for example, it wasn't on the script but wasn't improvised either. Watch the behind the scenes of Empire Strikes Back and that line was something Harrison Ford and Irvin Kershner (the director) thought it was better suited for the character than the original line by George Lucas so they changed it. 
22. = Knocked Up! You stupid fuck!!
22. = Knocked Up! You stupid fuck!!
Holy shit! only steers and queers come from texas and you don't look like a steer to me so it kind of narrows it down!
Where the fuck is Joe Pesci's "Do I Amuse You" bit from Goodfellas? That was improvised, AND it won him an Oscar!
40 year old virgin?? ARE YOU FUCKING RETARDED?
#1 is so worthy.
Apocalypse now, opening scene? 
Heath Ledger's one was absolutely brilliant
Yea, the fact that he didn't need a script probably makes him one of the best actors ever.
This should be renamed 25 best Movies ever! all of those movies are Fantastic flicks!!
This is all great stuff,but, there is no way on earth #8 with woody allen was an accidental sneeze and I really doubt #6 with Rutger from Blade Runner was in improv line...otherwise very cool stuff
2:01 was funny
love it. love it all!
Where's the scene from Raiders of the Lost Ark?:D
Should've had the Die Hard scene where Alan Rickman's character gets dropped in slow-mo off the building. They let him loose without warning to get the surprised look on him as he "falls"
It did have a script, but it was the VERY basics and around 90% of the things the actors did was completely improvised.
Not likely..cabbies back in the 60's (in any major US city) were pretty much "working class stiffs" who's idea of culture was beer in a glass-not spending two hours in a theater. 
R. Lee Ermey was actually hired to teach the actor that was supposed to play the drill instructor, but the director thought that Ermey would have been better to play the role. He was a real drill instructor and "FMJ" started his acting career.
I am South African :D
It takes a lot not to laugh at Full Metal Jacket insults. Finding out they were done by improv? More impressive.
what about the mayor's entire roll in Slither? shit was helarious
IF you like your films improvised AND IF you like your comedy why not have a laugh at THE LIMELIGHT MOVIE ? thelimelightmovie com
I do believe District 9 had a script. I can't find anything on google about it not having one. Perhaps you're thinking about Iron Man (2008)? It's a known fact that movie had no script or screenplay.
No no no, it's who the FOOK cares?
unscripted?
Wow, Matt Damon really likes to improvise monologues insulting to women!
He'll be watching you!
motherfucker. I can't believe that part of Full Metal Jacket was completely improvised
List fails without Ford's improvised gunshot in the swordsman scene in Raiders of the Lost Ark.
Its game over man. Its game over
For the Dark Knight one, I heard that the explosions stopping, the whole thing including Ledger's reactions, was unscripted.
What about it? Who the fuck cares?
I thought that the Dark Knight explosion thing was actually a technical error, the explosives abruptly stopped and the crew frantically tried to ignite the rest
Great list, but it's missing a scene from The Professional when Gary Oldman improvises his Beethoven rant to Mathilda's father. It's probably my favorite improvised scene ever filmed.
I watched full metal jacket just for that scene
I don't even know if you're being sarcastic, but District 9 is one of my favorite films!
wtf is tourgasm?
Unscripted could mean improvised, or the actor/writer/director/any crew member could have had a better idea and they did a take of it, that just so happened to be place within the film.
R. Lee Ermey is awesome
The "Possessed Chair" scene in Austin Powers: The Spy Who Shagged Me was improvised.
That is my least favorite line in the movie. 
Its both
Don't forget about Training Day. Most of Denzel's lines were improvised, especially the "King Kong ain't got shit on me!"
i think he was supposed to say i love you too but instead said i know.
well to be fair they did it in 40 year old vigrin too.. and i liked that version better
Dude, I said 'I think'. That means i'm not saying it's right, i'm just saying that is what I think. I'm no hater.
3:17 How the fuck is this unscripted what was he gonna do otherwise just fuckin stand there looking scared? I call shenanigans on this video everyone get your brooms.
2:44 this was NOT improvised. It happens the exact same way in the book. A lot of these seem like a strecth to me... maybe do some more research?.....
The title is "greatest," not "shittiest."
4:20 so was "Time to die"
The line "I know" from Star Wars was in the Script. They mentioned this in the documentaries saying that both character's saying "I love you" didn't feel right so they changed it. 
The line "I know" from Star Wars was in the Script. They mentioned this in the documentaries saying that both character's saying "I love you" didn't feel right so they changed it. 
kubrick thought ermey was the funniest human being on the planet.
In Star Wars, "I know" was in the script. 
Gotta love Tom Hanks' little look off-screen (to Spielberg) and then the nod as if to say, "Oh ok we're going with this? Okay." 
You better not be downtalking A Space Odyssey. 
4:36 Holy shit.
Yeah, but 'here's Johnny!' wasn't in the script.
I wonder if the cab driver later saw the movie and realized what had happened.
Unscripted? They said they destroyed 80 doors for the shinning before the director was satisfied. 
Kubrick did a lousy job on The Shining as a whole. Yes, there were really good scenes...but he shoehorned relevant parts of the story, as if he had forgot and had to go back and add it in later. Nicholson's character was supposed to come across as a normal and nice in the beginning; Jack was creepy the whole way through...
Remember A Space Odyssey? ;) Well, other than that I think his movies are great.
I think we can all agree Stanley Kubrick is the greatest director ever. 
thank you for this!!!! :) 
number 17 is called acting. :D improvisational acting. not everything can be scripted. u can't script an actor's talent. it only shows in the actual process of filming. 
So how is it unscripted? I'm confuse
Yes... Yes!!! hahaha.
same! 
16 is my favorite movie. :)
"How tall are you?!" "Sir, five foot nine, sir!" "Five foot nine? I didn't know they stacked shit that high!"
You need to watch UHF 
You forgot the greatest of all time. "I work hard on my hair and he hits it. He hits my hair." 
The reason they all started cracking up during the lineup scene in The Usual Suspects was because someone had farted. 
oh my God i would have shit my pants!!
I think that's from the movie "The Usual Suspects".
The Usual Suspects
2:01 it says it right there you stupid motha fucka cock sucka lalallahahallaa
2:16 . Funniest shit ever! What film is that?
the last one reminds me of my drill sargents,some of the funniest people you couldn't laugh at......without punishment
Pretty sure the entire final monologue of Rutger Hauer was unscripted, not just the tears in the rain line.
How do you know... these weren't scripted?
That was awesome. Great info too.
Originally there should have been a swordfight scene but Harrison Ford was sick (diarrhea, I think) the day it was supposed to be filmed so that's the legendary result.
that wasn't scripted? thats amazing!
You can have the best directors in the world come together and make a super flick, but sometimes is takes really good actors to deliver the lines and make them epic and give us scenes to remember.
Talking about Usual Suspects, the scene where the guys throw up his cigarette, it wasn't planned that it goes to the guy face
R Lee Ermey's story of being a consultant, and filling in on an off day when the lead was sick, and immediately taking over the role, is one of the all-time greatest hits for improvisation ever.
they had those lines in the 40 year old virgin too, but they said it while playing videogames at steve carrells house
How do we know these were really unscripted?
Benezio Del Toro was the gas bag
He was a Gunnery Sergeant...
That was scripted, he had diarrhea so they made it that he just shot him
Full Metal Jacket, should have added the part when the drill dragnet said " WHO SAID THAT? WHO THE FUCK SAID THAT? WHO'S THE LITTLE TWINKLE TOED COCK SUCKER THAT SIGNED HIS OWN DEATH WARRANT!?!?!?" Love that part :D
I thought the whole "tears in the rain" -talk was all made up by the actor?
Rutger Hauer (character's name is Roy Batty)
Classic Malkovich
Eh, the R. Lee Ermey one isnt too impressive since he was a real life drill instructor and probably would have said that in the real military too.
That was amazing. Who knew that some of the most iconic things of modern cinema has been made up in the heat of the scene.
how is the guy at 4:21 called? 
Rah. 
You should have put Pineapple Express in it! The final diner scene was all improvised by Franco, Rogen and McBride
You should have put Pineapple Express in it! The final diner scene was all improvised by Franco, Rogen and McBride
Blade Runner impro' was great on Rutguer's part. Can't imagine movie ending any other way (yes I know it wasn't the last scene)
Always capitalize Marine tisk tisk itsk 
You know how I know your gay? When you say the wrong movie
...you know how I know youre gay? Because (22) is Knocked Up, not 40 Year Old Virgin
The usual suspects: The reason why they were laughing was because #3 kept on farting. Notice how they start laughing before he even says something even though they shouldn't know each other?
That Caddyshack scene with Bill Fucking Murray is actually entirely improvised
im glad R lee Ermey did that as he knew what he was doing because he is a marine
In Star Wars Episode V: Darth Vader's "I am your father" line, was actually improvised. I'm actually very surprised that wasn't in there. :/
22 is from knocked up :P 
no. no it was not. completely improved by Liotta and Pecsi. the other acotes had no idea it was gonna happen, thus the looks on their faces would be more geniune
These are all f-ing amazing its hard to believe these lines weren't written by geniuses...but instead thought up on the spot by geniuses.
theres no way the matt damon story was improvised. way too damn funny
WARRIORS *CLICK CLICK CLICK * COME OUT TO PLAY_AAY
Was the saving private ryan one really unscripted?!
I am aware of this,but this is a Kubrick film we're talking about! Everything in his films is planned and studied to the 'nth degree - Being asked to improvise in a Kubrick movie is a big deal!
Cause that was scripted.
I stand corrected, but he has acted in many more movies.
I'm sure this would be hilarious if my video would load.
All TI's are GREAT at Improvision... when in basic, you are scared as fuck, after ... you look back and laugh like mad 
You're dumb. 
He's a retired U.S. Marine who was a Drill Sergent during his active time.
like tears in the rain, what an incredible on-the-spot line :O really deep shit :P
what is the movie at #10?
FULL METAL JACKET
In "Lock Stock and Two Smoking Barrels" the bit where I think his name is Chris slammed the door on the thug's head 20 times that was unscripted they just told him to slam the door heaps of times and yell.
Missing: ALL scenes with Beetlejuice.
"Born in Emporia, Kansas, Ermey enlisted in the United States Marine Corps in 1961. Ermey was a drill instructor at the Marine Corps Recruit Depot in San Diego, California, and Parris Island, South Carolina from 1965 to 1967. In 1968, Ermey arrived in Vietnam where he served for 14 months with the Marine Wing Support Group 17. " -Wikipedia
R.Lee Emery is a real actor you fucking trolls. Not an actual drill sargent. 
noo fuckking waayy is that bladerunner scene improv...that'd be...the most impressive thing ever?
I love the German language, but dubbing is anything but improvised. ORIG: Emery lets it fly. Scathing. Mocking. Degrading. All set to a melodic cadence that's pure genius. GER: The speech is cramped. (and the men's "Sir, jawohl, sir!" sounds almost effeminate sometimes.) 
How do you know they're unscripted?
So essentially every iconic moment in the history of cinema was not scripted?? Not saying it's a lie or something, but i do find it odd. Great video though.
beats me. That scene is one of the greatest of all time, none the less unscripted
I had no idea that Batman one was unscripted, Heath Ledger was the coolest guy ever! haha
too fucking true! how?!
I think there should have been the scene from Raiders of the Lost Ark where Indy shoots that swordman.
hmm no "Good morning Vietnam" 
Man now I wanna go watch Full Metal Jacket
1:29 guy says game over voice crack.
please make part 2 :)
"game over" should have been higher on the list.
And like they say, "Ain't nothin' like the real thing, baby!"
He was. That is why he was brought in. :D
He's not a Drill Sergeant, never was. He's a retired Marine Corps Drill Instructor.
Hm I went to see on IMDB though and he's an actor. He had done many movies before this one and made many more after.
I didn't state anything of the sort sir. Arthur stated he was a real drill sergeant to which you replied, nope, real actor. Not nope the original. It is you at fault here not i. Happy to clear that one up for ya ;)
no, Pesci and Liotta improved it and the surronding actors had no idea what was going on, thus their reaction
he served yes, but R. Lee Ermey was always the actor that was going to play the drill sergeant. he was not hired as an advisor, but for his acting skills. his experience helped him tremendously i'm sure, but what you stated is false i'm afraid
he served yes, but R. Lee Ermey was always the actor that was going to play the drill sergeant. he was not hired as an advisor, but for his acting skills. his experience helped him tremendously i'm sure, but what you stated is false i'm afraid
no... no he was a real drill sergeant i assure you! That's why he was able to improv. Kubrick told him "i want it real" here is a piece from the wiki R. Lee Ermey as Gunnery Sergeant Hartman. The Parris Island drill instructor who trains his recruits to transform them into Marines. R. Lee Ermey actually served as a U.S. Marine drill instructor during the Vietnam War. Based on this experience, he ad libbed much of his dialogue in the film.
#1 was a true story, I never did get that reach around.
nope, real actor
was is scripted? if so then that's probably why...
Also they're smirking and giggling in The Usual Suspects because Benicio del Toro's rancid farts are stinking up the room. It was originally supposed to be serious, but they went with this instead.
How did I know that there will be a fair amount of Kubrick in this list as I clicked on the video? :)
Indeed, he served in Vietnam himself and was awarded a Vietnamese Gallantry Cross. 
because it wasn't essentially unscripted, but scripted by Joe Pesci with all the actors knowing he was going to say those lines - although it was not in the original script it is still not technically "unscripted"
@Tripman06 LMAO!
Poor John Malkovich
4 of the 25 films were directed by Stanley Kubrick
LOL yea seriously. 
I didn't know R. Lee Ermey was a drill sergeant. That's pretty cool.
You should have kept the annotations on.
Devil's advocate: how do we "know" all of this was unscripted?
The Dark Knight scene actually was scripted. The pause in the explosion was so Nolan could actually have Heath Ledger on screen with the explosions.
At one point, R. Lee Ermey asked Stanley Kubrick for the part. When Kubrick said no, Ermey retorted with: "Stand up when I'm talking to you!" At which point Kubrick promptly complied. Then Ermey had the part.
3 kubrick films with one at the top, justice is truly sweet. 
5:58 'I bet you're the kinda guy who'd fuck a guy in the ass...' and the anotation 'if you like it, please subscribe' comes up! Coinsidence? 
Actually, I think he did that because he had a bad stomach, like food poisoning or something like that, and he really had trouble filming the scenes cause he constantly had to go to the bathroom, so when shooting that scene, he was in such a rush that he just shot the guy, got off camera and ran to the toilet :P
The scene in the Usual Suspects - the cutting up and giggling are supposedly because Del Toro was farting the entire time.
Did you watch the video? That line was #12, around the 3:19 mark.
R. Lee Ermey is a closet homosexual. 
What about "We're gonna need a bigger boat,"??? That was improvised.
 I thought it was because Harrison Ford got sick of shooting for hours on end under the blazing sun is a desert city.
where is the scene where Indiana jones shot the guy with the sword instead of what was scripted. i know there was not real dialog...but damn..
goddamn that clockwork orange scene pissed me off. I hate when women are getting something physically negative done to them , and theyre just like OH, OH , UH, UH, UH , OH, Oh fuckin orgasm style, like SHUT THE FUCK UP! My speakers are fuckin 100% and my parents probably think im on Fuckin Redtube . com or some shit. Cause yknow, I would never really do those things ever on my own time
The drill sergeants name is R. Lee Ermy I think.
how the hell is Goodfellas "am i funny?" scene not on here?
the "i love you, i know" was so good they stuck it in the script for the next one!
thats because he ate something bad and got the shits and couldnt do the fight
Also, Pirates of the Caribbean, Dead Man's Chest I think? The "I got a jar of dirt" thing was improvised. A lot of the first Iron Man was unscripted. And in The Avengers, the "Doth mother know you weareth her drapes?" line was unscripted.
He WAS a DI... There is a story behind how he got the part... Can't remember it specifically... Easy to find on the Net...
R.Lee Ermy is a legend at insulting people.
haha, R. Lee Emry really came up with most of those lines?! genius 
Oh, i thought he actually was a DI before this. And this is my favorite role of his
4:46 From the actual script: They need a middleman, right? That's O'Daniel. Joe hesitates as Ratso darts into traffic against a redlight, yelling unheard obscenities at a cab driver who blasts his horn. Joe runs recklessly forward as Ratso slams the taxi fender with his fist, pretending to be hit, falling into Joe's arms. The taxi stops, halting traffic. Ratso, recovers, strolls casually in front of the cab, biting his thumb at the driver. The taxi was scripted but his line wasn't.
Assholes, you left out the best one ever. The fucking doll scene in Spaceballs with Rick Moranis is classic. It was unscripted too. 
love all the movies and classic scenes, but right now the first two are making me laugh the most and the Warriors one is the coolest
From what I understand the entire first half of Full Metal Jacket was unscripted. That movie is fucking amazing.
In finding Nemo when bruce says "here's brucy!" that came from 4:08
How about the scene from "Monty Python's Life of Brian" with Ceasar and Brian in the palace? It's not the greatest, but the fact that all the surrounding guards were only told "Try not to laugh" makes it quite funny.
How many other people went off to find the Bladerunner scene on YouTube?
The drill sergeant from Full Metal Jacket is a real drill sergeant who was hired to coach the actor, and Kubrick liked the real version better, for obvious reasons.
Let it not go unsaid that actors are not also script writers
I'm a steer....
BEST SCENE EVER
Half of these were scripted. 
My last name is 'Stear', I hear the last quote a LOT. 
My last name is 'Stear', I hear the last quote a LOT. 
Serious good work byt eh actor of Ryan in Saving Private Ryan that must have taken some work to get it right
What about "Mother fucker, you hit me in the ear!"
The most annoying sound in the world should have been way further up the top
Ford was sick with malaria, he didnt want to strain him self with the sword fight so Lucas shortened the scene. Look how much Ford was sweating. He was sick 
I think I know what unscripted means. I will look into it.
Thank you for calling him a instructor, instead of a sergeant. Hollywood pisses me off whenever they do that. He's a Marine, not a soldier dammit! 
Everything that happened in these scenes the actors just made up on the spot 
How are these unscripted??
R Lee Erney is amazing haha. Good improvised shit, I'd most definitely think he was a hat if I didn't know better.
The scene with Paul Rudd and Seth Rogen wasn't the 40 Year-Old Virgin, it was Knocked Up.
i fucking love bill murray why isnt he in any movies anymore
He was brought in as a consultant first, but they liked his performance so much they gave him the role.
not scripted*
nonono, Ford was sick this day and couldn't play the sword fight. So they decided to put this scene instead, but although that was indeed scripted, it's not Ford who took the decision.
...and Slim Pickens riding the bomb-and whooping it up on the way down
Probably why he was casted as it then, haha
also with he Clockwork Orange scene, Malcolm McDowell was cast because of the Singin' In The Rain scene
Awesome video, thanks for sharing
22 is Knocked Up i beleive
What about the beginning scene of One Flew Over the Cuckoo's Nest, where Jack Nicholson completely made up the story of why he was sent to jail.
Actually in raiders of the lost ark,Ford was supposed to use his whip on the guy with the sword,but couldn't hit the sword with it so he just shot him!
I know Ermys dialog was from his real life drill instructing,It sounded too natural!
In dr strangelove, my favorite improv was when the general fell while speaking.
no.2 is my all time favourite :)
Everywhere I went for those 3 days that I was the top 2 comments of this video people were giving me free stuff, TMZ was following me around everywhere, and my whole day was full of scheduled appearances. Highly stressful, but I made it.
And what about the ending!? When all the nazis spontaneously melted and exploded instead of the scripted ending where they supposed to open the arc and go; "Fuck! It's empty!"
like tears .. In the rain..
2:40 was the funniest part
2:40 someone shut Sully up. I'm glad he wasn't killed last.
22. isn't the 40 year old virgin, it's knocked up.....
Because the buildings were scripted to keep exploding? It was a real building they were destroying too, so it's not like they could just redo it, cue in Ledger playing off the situation
The best one had to be the taxi scene. One would never guess it was unscripted.
Gunny is the freaking man!!!!
Apocalypse Now?
Then make your own goddamn list using foreign shit or STFU.
How is it Ermy didn't win an oscar for Full Metal Jacket?
So pretty much the best scenes in film history are not scripted? 
You've mistaken unscripted for acting. How the hell can you say what the joker did was unscripted. It's called acting. 
I wonder how many times those soldiers laughed their asses off with R Lee Ermey's improv
Most awkward reactions to unscripted lines: 3:28 : (Princess Leia) - I love you. (Han Solo) - I know. (Princess Leia) *what the hell am I supposed to answer to that?* 3:49 : (Richard Blaine) - Here's looking at you, kid. (Ilsa Lund) *Dafuq am I supposed to say?* 
more like greatest unscripted lines in american cinema 
*cough* knocked up not 40 year old virgin *cough cough*
The reason they're all laughing during the Usual Suspects line-up is because (I don't remember who) but one of them had terrible gas, and was lettin 'em fly the entire scene. So on top of the improvised lines, it was probably pretty smelly in there haha. 
@TheFesta01 He was a real Drill Sergeant, so he's probably used to saying that stuff xD
"Bullshit i bet you could suck a golf ball though a garden hose!"
That Blade Runner scene is one of the most haunting, memorable, and "Human" scenes ever; I guess that was the point, but still... B^)
Wow the Silence of the Lambs one, really?
You forgot Marlon Brando "Apocalypse Now" & "On The Waterfront". Legendary. 
One of the best movie twist ever. I mean, everyone knows about it today, even if they haven't seen it. But imagine seeing that in theaters right when it came out and seeing that scene. CRAZY
One of the best movie twist ever. I mean, everyone knows about it today, even if they haven't seen it. But imagine seeing that in theaters right when it came out and seeing that scene. CRAZY
One of the best actors I have seen.
That's one of my favorite movie scenes :) the guy does awesome ninja moves then Indiana Jones just gets out his gun and shoots him! I laughed so hard.
What about Raiders of the Lost Ark? When it was meant to be a long scripted sword fight, but instead, Ford just reaches for his gun and shoots the guy instead. Classic.
How bout you shut the FUCK up and take your FUCKING SPAM somewhere else?
i love the beginning of full metal jacket, i can never stop laughing
in men in black 2 (i think) when the vlow up doll in the car seat inflates tommy lee jones says ''that come as standard?'' and will smith improvised ''naw, came with a black dude but he kept gettin pulled over''
DO YOU SUCK DICKS?
"Let us hope that Mr. Potter will always be around to save the day." "Don't worry, I will be." Dialogue from Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets that was improvised. :)
Pretty much everything robin Williams does is unscripted.
I like how most people are like ....What? Was that in the script?
I don't get why 2:40 was considered a great scene. For the entirety of the time I wanted to cut that fucking douche in half for sounding so irritating.
Good list, just a little suprised there wasn't anything from Good Morning, Vietnam. All of the radio show scenes Robin Williams did were completely improv'd.
Fantastic. And informative. Thanks.
You did a very fine gob here. Chapeau to you sir...awesome video.
"do you suck dicks!?" LOL ROTFL
wtf warriors come out to play was unscripted thats me and my dads fav part lol
In Full Metal Jacket, the guy that plays the psycho door gunner in the helicopter scene was originally cast to play the part of Hartman. Ermey was able to persaude Kubrick to let him have a shot at it instead and the rest is history.
Heath Ledger was pure genius 
Well he was a drill instructor in real life, so he's got all the lines down anyway.He probably just walked in, saw the actors and knew exactly what to say to each one.
4:07 The Shinning!? :DD
Even better: Kubrick wanted to change something in the scee and Ermey shouted at him like he just did on set and Kubrick turne around and got back to his seat
"Give me the keys you cocksucker, what the fuck..." That scene was some of the best things I've ever seen... I can't even explain why.
Not only was "I know" not in the script, but Han Solo was supposed to say "I love you too"... Tho Harrison Ford felt it was out of character, so he changed it. 
The story behind the Midnight Cowboy scene was that the taxi driver was upset that the road was closed and ignored the signs and movie crew and just drove through.
Full Metal Jacket sounds better in german^^
When we were kids my little sister used to play with small glass juice bottles holding them and making noise just like Luther in The Warriors... and of course she never watched the film back then.
Actually that's art coming from the ACTORS, not the director...
#22 isnt the 40 year old virgin its from knocked up lol 
I'll be back?
He was a Marine Seargent in real life, so I'm guess that helped with improvisation. Those lines were awesome!
SUPPOSEDLY unscripted. Directors will say a lot to make their art seem better than it is..
its amazing how hidden gems can be made and found from pure imagination and wit. quite a few of these moments are now in AFI's top 100 movie quotes of all time. 
Yep! As I understand, he was brought in to assist the actor that WAS going to play the part, since he was a real drill instructor. but Kubrick liked him so much, he gave the part to him.
You forgot the scene where the ugly builds a revolver from pieces of revolvers in the shop, the actor wasn't told what to do at all just to build a revolver, it's quite a good moment in the film, but for impact i'm not sure.
yeah that was truly poetic, cant believe it was unscripted
ahahahahha p diddy and his cambodian breast milk
he was a real drill instructor so i'm not surprised
i feel like unscripted lines are the best
Oh sweet! Would have never guessed no actor can impersonate the real deal.
The man was an actual full on Marine drill instructor and after pushing so many platoons over the years he for sure know what he was going to say to the recruits in this movie. haha Your getting the real Marine Corps right here. 
so it WASN'T an improvisation hence why it's not in this video....
(idiomatic) An ostensibly thoughtful gesture, especially one performed to win favour or mitigate unfair treatment. Saying these words would be awkward. P.S. I'm just kidding, couldn't help it. peace
Song name at 5:21 anyone?
Ermey was brought on as a technical advisor for the movie and to help the actor playing the Drill Instructor be as authentic as possible. He would demonstrate what the actor should have done after every take (by doing what he did in the movie) and finally the director just decided to put him in the role instead.
shhhhh, don't tell anybody, but I didn't know what it meant either, and I'm 67 years old.
It's when you're having anal with another guy and you reach around to give him a handjob. How do you not know this? Are you 12 years old?
Very good :)
number 1 is way too good to be improvised. 
Are you serious or just trollin'?
Are you serious or just trollin'?
what's a reach around?
No Monty Python? Not even the 'Biggus Dickus' scene?
Ditto on 'pretty amazing film'. (Did you know Emery was a real-life Marine Drill Instructor?) 
what about the star wars scene where Darth Vader tells Luke he is his father. only the man playing Vader and George Lucas knew he would say that!
Because i choose to. i dont believe everything i read or hear. it's not like he's saying i will fly if i jump off a building! If we never took a chance to believe anything anyone says - how would we learn? Most of the information we have has been suggested to us by someone at some point. It would be a very limited life we would lead if we only accepted things that could be 100 percent proven scientifically.
R lee Ermey was who they hired to coach the Actor playing the Drill Sgt, he was so good at it they fired the actor and gave him the part instead.
Im surprised Paul Rudd and Seth Rogan's scene in 40 Year Old Virigin wasn't in here. I don't know 100% it was scripted but you can just tell. Same with in Knocked Up when they are going at each other at the birthday party. Something about Babe Ruth's gay brother Gabe Ruth.
@j5892000 dude it's practically common knowledge that this scene in full metal jacket was unscripted. Everyone knows Ermey used to be a real drill sergeant so he just made all that stuff up on the spot.
I never knew Joker (Heath) and "I'm walking here" where improvised xD
@DanTheIceCreamMan007 why do you think they are improvised. because they guy says so...
@TheFesta01 why would you believe they are unscripted ? because someone says so... really . don't believe everything you read or hear.
ALL of R Lee Ermeys dialogue was unscripted? Well i'll be goddamned! those are the best lines in the film (and its a pretty amazing film)!
Actually I am fluent in Sanskrit. jkjk 
every line Marlon Brando says in Apocalypse Now was improvised
you forgot one of the greatest lines ever! "I'll be BACK!"
Wow this is great
Malcolm McDowell is in some messed up movies.
i dont read the script the script reads me
I CAN WALK!
Wow, I cant imagine these movies without those improvisational moments. Just a testament to how good all of those actors are.
lol the shrooms scene. The shrooms are turning on me! hahaha
20# the dark knight i didn't know that when i watched the scene i was like what the hell is he doing, but heath is a good actor R.I.P , but nolan did say something about that 
He was :3 
Ermy really was a drill instructor in real life before FMJ wasnt he?
holy shit best one for last, for sure. 
#22 is not "40 year old virgin" it's from "knocked up"
Actually Bill Murray improvised, not just that entire scene, but all of his dialog in the movie. His character had no lines in the script and only appeared about 3 times. His scenes were so good they wound up scrapping most of the actual script, it originally had much more of the caddies. 
you forgot "Faster!Faster!Faster would be better!" from Serenity. Nathan was told to say something Mal (the character he played) would say
and Don Corleone's death scene from the godfather was not in this? explain. The entire scene was improv by Marlon Brando.
Your ability to take things to far is amazing. 
hi :)
Even better - Ermey had to explain to Kubrick just what a reach-around was. THAT had to be an awkward conversation!
In Being John Malkovich, the man throwing the can was drunk during the shot. In The Usual Suspects, the actors were laughing because one of them farted really loudly in the first take.
1:20 - It's a living
...growing up 
I call Bullsh!t on the "Warriors come out to play-ay". That line was scripted the actor based the delivery off a neighborhood bully.
DO YOU SUCK DICKS?!? SIR NO SIR!!!!
@shihoblade Drunk driving on a Wednesday with 3 bitches in an MPV... :)
No Spinal Tap?
thumbs up if you watch lock n load
yeah grammar mistakes are fair game...lol
ive had to piss since 1:14. worth the wait.
2:29 Breast milk, you made my daaaaaaaayyyyyyyyyyyyy.
what abput jim carry in the mental hospital at the firsst ace ventura film BEST JIM CARRY SCENE EVER!!!
damn right
Well, when your a DS in real life things come natural. He was originally there as an adviser but the director loved him too much. He actually toned it down for that scene. 
so many parts of Dr Strangelove was unscripted thanks to peter sellers
"Tears in the rain." is the best...its very creative.
Is anybody reading the English captions? Its fucking hilarious.
Is anybody reading the English captions? Its fucking hilarious.
Yeah, they said the guy drove around the roadblock and really almost hit them.
was Dustin hoffman talking to an actual taxi driver??
I'm pretty good with Sumerian, if that's worth anything to you, sir.
GAME OVER MAN, GAME AAHHHVER
Unscripted, my ass!
Dr. Strangelove's should be #1 2:50
4:24 one of my favourite quote
Indeed! A classic scene with incredible improvisation skills by the great Eli Wallach.
@john johnson It caught him
@john johnson Yeah The explosions stopped midway and thats why ledger was pressing the button again and again and when they did resume
I would have put Tuco's gun shop scene from The Good, the Bad and the Ugly in there.
Some of these were wack. I could have improvised the whole movie on some of these and it would have worked as well...
Fail. Your 40-Year-Old Virgin scene is from Knocked Up. - The bit about the Singin In The Rain sequence from Clockwork Orange is interesting because I like to think Malcolm McDowell laughs at the prospect that he basically ruined that musical for a lot of people. - The entire banter scene from Full Metal Jacket makes me laugh every time!
What was the point of the coke scene if Woody wasn't meant to sneeze?
It's amazing knowing this bad-ass was the fucking toy soldier in Toy Story. Perfect casting.
Voldemort hugging Draco in the Deathly Hallows Part Two was unscripted.
Two top comments? I applaud you, good sir.
No sir, I always give a reach-a-round...wait!" Steers and queers....
Amazing how many of these are so famous.
"I've come here to chew bubble gum and kick ass...and I'm all out of Bubble Gum" Roddy Piper, They Live.....improvised. By far the best improvised line ever. 
"HOLY DOG SHIT!?"
Taxi Driver should be number 1. 
you know a link is well watched when two people start an argument neither can, nor needs, to win.. 
great list of films. 
So tell me Mew, was "You're going to need a bigger boat," really improvised?
2:28 YESlol
batman unscripted? suuuuuuuuuuuuuuure
I'm incredibly surprised that the famous "I got a jar of dirt" from Pirates of the Caribbean didn't get in here.
no life of brian the laughing praetorians?
Assburgers detected
"..with a nice chianti." The inhale through the teeth is something you see all the time at red wine tastings. Apparently you hold the sip of wine in your mouth & suck air in through your teeth to permeate your mouth cavity with the bouquet - which is something a worldly man like Lecter would have known. Pretty good, Hopkins.
It's because he kept farting
22 is knocked up not 40 year old virgin. But there is a very similar scene with seth and paul and 40YOV
in the scene from the usual suspects, the laughter was also unintentional as one of the actors let one rip 
this should pretty much be all Christopher guest films
DONT FORGET THE REACH AROUND ! :)
"Game over, man" was so frigging goofy. Not as bad as "They mostly come out at night. Mostly." but still incredibly goofy. The hssss noise is also unbelievably goofy and gets spoofed non-stop despite its inherent spoofiness.
Fail retort.
HEATH LEDGER. <3
Is this all improv?
ARE YOU A PETER PUFFER!?! i lost it at that point! XD
DO YOU SUCK DICKS ? LOL,, made my day
The Shining* not The Shinning (unless youre referencing the simpsons)
Fuck me! I thought I loved films but you just take it to the next level. What do you do? Read all the scripts to every film ever made & then watch them all?
That scene from bladerunner is fantastic ;-;
so is yours. and maybe mine?
I don't understand how the song "singing in the rain" could have been improvised in a clockwork orange, unless Kubrick changed the plot of the movie afterwards since the guy in the wheelchair recognizes Malcolm McDowell while he sings this in the bathtub.
of course mostly kubrick , he is god 
i wish it was a top 50 Greatest Unscripted Scenes in Films
i wish it was a top 50 Greatest Unscripted Scenes in Films
Usual Suspects - the only delivery that was improvised was Baldwin's, the rest happened because Baldwin kept making the other guys laugh resulting in Singer shouting cut after every burst of laughter and claiming that Baldwin was "Fucking up his movie" - in the end he said "Fuck it - edit the blooper laughing shots together cause it actually is a great message to use that these guys just don't care about the cops" - that scene is more of an improv by Bryan Singer than of any of the actors imo
2:08 
Ermy was originally bought in as an adviser from the military and started shitting all over the actor doing the role, so Kubric gave the role to him, 
ahhh Lee will you ever stop making me laugh i doubt it XD
i believe 320ptown wins 
R. Lee Ermy basically rewrote his entire chunk of the movie, and Kubric just went with it. Great movie.
Let's not forget that when Ermey used the reach around line, Kubrick got angry and asked "What the hell is a reacharound?" When he found out what it was, he laughed and decided to keep the line in the movie.
and the award for having both top comments at the same time goes to 320ptown!
I want to watch jaws now.
@mbtoober he did in birds of prey and it looked terrible
It's kind of ironic that some of the most memorable lines in the history of cinematography are made up on the spot.
That's why this is not a "TOP 25 greatest" list. Just a compilation of the greatest scenes according to the uploader of the video without any order of preference. 
WTF all the best lines are made up on the spot!
Why have the captions? Why not just put them in the video like the titles of the films? 
Hand me the fucking keys you fucking cocksucker what the fuck!?
That's because he's not acting, he's just being himself.
Your gonna need a Bigger Boat.-Best.Line.Ever.
"Give me the fucking keys!GRRRRRR
haha :D
@DROW42 hell no! Zach galifinaks is not funny, and never will be the joker! Jim carry is perfectly suited for the joker. He's got a dark sense of humor and he's an amazing actor
@Mpho Aphane nah, no ones funny when they're high they just think they are lol
That last bit about the "reach around" and "steers and queers" are standard drill Sargent jargon. But what isn't was an ill fated come back by a recruit on the first day of basic training. "Respectfully Drill Sargent, it takes one to know one." None of us laughed but it didn't matter. Talk about a rough first day and last day when the Drill Sargent reminded us of it and had us double time to the Graduation Ceremonies. That's a fact Jack...
"Hey Malkovitch think fast!" ROFL that shit was for real!
OMG you might be right...
So...you just round about defined irony
Holy crap! You forgot the woman walking up to the characters in StarTrek 4. She walked into the scene, not knowing she was filmed and acted along.
What about Jimmy and Cary in Philadelphia Story?
he wasn't being ironic. he was genuinely making a 'wanna know how i know you're gay' joke, and didn't consider that guy number 1 Is gay for tasting guy 2's cock. 
One question I have is how much of these improvisations were unplanned? I feel like there's an interesting difference between the Malcovich scene or the Annie Hall sneeze and scenes like the Drill Sargent in Full Metal Jacket which was improv'd but planned.
Well now your ability to understand what a tool is or what rage is...is abysmal. Tough life man
no u
wow. Thanks captain obvious. 
your ability to be a complete tool is outstanding ;) go rage some more on youtube videos
GIVE ME THE FUCKING KEYS YOU FUCKING COCK SUCKING MOTHERFACKAAAAALGBARGHA
could have done butt fun with an girl , also the other guy needed to suck the other guy's dick to know the taste
Your ability to understand irony is abysmal
R. Lee Ermy: My buddy was/is a Marine and when he saw that movie he said either Ermy was a DI or he's the best actor who ever lived. He didn't know at the time that Ermy was a DI.
No contest. 
2:00
gunny stole the show
these actors had to be high......really? lol
lol yeah, probably should say your dick smells like shit, then again, you probably are gay if you're anywhere near smelling someone else's dick.
For those who dont already know, R. Lee was originally brought in as a consultant to the actor who was supposed to play Hartman. When Kubrick saw this scene, he decided to use R. Lee Ermey. You know Kubrick, ALWAYS going for authenticity
True, Ermy wasnt even acting half of the time. He was being himself. Initially Kubrick Hired him as a technical adviser. Dissatisfied with the auditions for the role, Ermy offered kubrick to portray the character. After being initially turned down, Ermy made a videotape of himself uttering a 15-minute long monolog of non-stop tirade of insults. In the background people where throwing oranges and tennis balls at him, but he didnt even flinch or get distracted
How else could he find out if Guy2 is gay?
number 22 is Knocked Up. not the 40 Year Old Virgin :p
i dont think you got the point of the joke...
Also creepy because that's improvised
Full Metal Jacket!!! Lmao during the first 45 minutes. Lol XD
Full Metal Jacket!!! Lmao during the first 45 minutes. Lol XD
You don't say.
It's "All those moments will be lost in time, like tears in rain." You can see Rutger Hauer's lips moving to exactly those words. There is a "the" in the text on screen that isn't in the dialogue.
Jack Nicholson needed to use a real door for the "Here's Johnny" scene because as a former firefighter, it was too easy for him to break down the prop doors.
are you that stupid to really only classify asking someone if they're mad to a meme? either way it suits you. glad you are too, but shame you were born considering all you do is be all angry on youtube and post vids of you and your cats like a fucking weirdo loser LOL
This may be the single most elegant way this particular phrase has ever been voiced. I'm not going to say more than that, lest I give it away to the uninitiated, but you, sir, have a superior command of the English language and a remarkable felicity with words. Truly. 
a tired meme is your best retort? you are the reason I am pro-choice.
LOL i was right, just checked your profile, nothing but cat videos you fucking WEIRDO LOLOLOLOL
u mad bro? you must not have any friends or do anything LOL
The "shh" scene from Austin Powers was improvised, too. That's a classic.
wow cant believe here's lookin gat you kid was improvised
There is one you missed that I would rate better then most, Like the Dumb and Dumber one. Indy shooting the swordsman.
that IS the joke, you obtuse lissencephalic insignifiCUNT. now go engage yourself in egoistic carnal knowledge.
Stupid...and gay 
HOLY DOG SH*T
R Lee Ermey ? R U sure he made up all that dialog ? He should also write for film You are so right on. He is the king on this list 
Was the joker moment an actual unexpected delay with the bomb? That's a magic moment.
I'm missing Marlon Brando's monologues from "Apocalypse now"...
That's the joke...
after he finished the reach around line, kubrick stopped filming, and asked R Lee Ermey, what a Reach Around was
still works.
You forgot the best unscripted scene of all time. Raiders of the Lost Ark when Indiana Jones shoots the Cairo Swordsman. There was supposed to be an intricate sword fight scene but at that point most of the crew had dysentery and could barely go 5 minutes without having to be on the toilet so Harrison Ford suggested they "just shoot the f***er". Steven Spielberg was all for it. One of the most memorable moments in the Indiana Jones trilogy. 
I like the one at 2:14... The reason they're laughing is because del Toro kept farting.
This made me cry laughing!!
I dunno there is alot of untapped potential with the Joker just not better per-say. Imagine Robin Williams, Will Feral or Christopher Walkin as the Joker I was also thinking Zach Galifainaks would be funny too but now that i think about it he might be able to pull off a genuinely interesting version. 
that has to be one of my favorite lines from anything.
so guy 1 didn't know it was gay to suck a guy's dick?
GUY1 is admitting to sucking guy 2's cock without his knowing. so you're saying it's not gay to break into a man's room and rape him in his sleep but being mad bout someone raping you in your sleep IS gay? 
When actors take their characters to heart, cinema happens.*Leave the annotations on.*﻿
I my opinion two of the best have been left off the list, 1) Pretty Women 2) Roman Holiday
Blade Runner should be number 1. In my opinion.
what? if thats a joke, then thats fucking terrible and stupid
whats ironiny?
That's Knocked Up not The 40 Year Old Virgin.
Yeah, of the most lowest kind
R. Lee Ermey is the king of this list.
It's called irony, look it up. 
I just read that back and some of what I said doesn't make sense :P
No. Its not Heath's property. No one can do Heath's version of the Joker better than Heath did but that doesn't mean no one else can touch it. Acting involves creating your own interpretation of the character and it annoys me slightly when people say that "no one should ever play the role of so and so " because as an actor its slightly insulting when there are actors who have their own vision. Still I will say that it was fantastic and a very original and refreshing take on an iconic character:)
Eisenstein is back!!!!! 
That's the joke, you fuck.
I thought Tommy Lee Jones saying "I don't care" in the fugitive would have been here, that's a pretty famous one
and thus.. you figure out why it's a JOKE
I bet the poor actor R Lee Ermey screamed at was freaked out. Lol. And I thought he was shorter!
thats the joke
i was expecting alot of eddi murphy , but this is dope these ar som of the most famous lines ever an they wer improvised cool tho
That one wasn't improv-on-the-spot like the rest of these scenes.
The "We landed on the moon!" line from Dumb & Dumber was also improvised. 
thats stupid, thats implying the first guy sucked the seconds guys dick in order to taste it
That was actually not improvised on spot, but added at the last minute because Harrison Ford was sick and didn't have the energy for the sword fight.
That was actually not improvised on spot, but added at the last minute because Harrison Ford was sick and didn't have the energy for the sword fight.
And will be until he is once again dust. 
im sorry but the warriors is the most hilarious movie ive ever seen idk if its suppost to be legit serious but its too funnny
All amazing films.
R. Lee Ermey was more than just an actor.. he was a US Marine DI. He is to this day still a Marine.
Was anyone else expecting the scene from Dumb and Dumber where Jim Carrey says "well see you later"
The laughing in the Usual Suspects was also unscripted. they were all laughing because one of the characters kept on farting.
first thought. I guess it wasn't "culturally significant"
"Game over man! Game over!" - i love it 
2:04 WTF??? HAHAH
You know how I know you're gay? You don't understand the difference between "your" and "you're".
Sully!
R. Lee Ermey. My hero.
grow up idiot, you are pathetic.
The first lines the Full metal jacket scene about Texas and queers are from An officer and a gentleman, he just switched Oklahoma to Texas
No Lord of the Rings? 
"number 26?" you dumb fuck. you can't even make your own opinion where that fits? you trust in the little poser's list so much like it's unquestionable?
Kubrick didn't know what the line about the "Reach around" meant, so he yelled cut and asked. After being told, he decided to keep it in the movie.
shut up make you're own video. bunch of assholes!
I read that R. Lee Ermey was first hired as a consultant but after sending Kubrick a tape on which he insulted the cameraman minutes while being shot at with tennis balls Kubrick decided Ermey was the man.
Oh Full Metal Jacket is #1. Despite the fact it's a Kubrick movie, I do think it deserves first place. Also, no "There Will Be Blood?" You fail, kid.
I hear somewhere that the scene in Godfather where Brando slaps the musician guy happend just because Brando was fed up with the guy's inability to act and was trying to get an actual emotional response. If that's true, I think that should be number 26 
Full Metal Jacket Numba 2 you are a 15-year-old Kubrickfag bandwagon jumper who just learned about these movies this year lol you fucking stupid twat
louis gosset jnr said stuff like that in a movie before r lee emry.
A Clockwork Orange #4 - ohh hoo I know how old you are now. 
Yeah, that was on of the best improvised one. Dunno why it wasn't in.
1:10 LMFAO made me wanna watch the Dark Knight so much
4:45 best one evah!
How do you not include John Belushi's scene in Animal House where running through the campus yard at night; he accidentally trips, hops up, jumps to one side, the jumps to the other before continuing to the Deans Office? Totally unplanned but brilliant.
DUDEEE!!! Where is the first scene from the Godfather where Brando plays with the cat?? The cat wasn't supposed to be there in the first place!!
Maybe, because that wasnt a fake laught
I'm not infected by the unjustified nostalgia and worship of the American film screen by hordes of brainwashed fans who at the time simply did not have enough channels to find something actually entertaining.
R lee ermey is just plain badass!!
that wasn't exactly improvised, they changed the scene shortly before the filming
He was a real drill sergeant.
R. Lee Ermey was an actual drill instructor. As I understand it, he was hired on initially as a consultant, but Kubrick then cast him in the role after being so impressed with him. I may not be remembering that completely correctly though.
One thing I learned from this? Matt Damon isn't very good at fake laughing. 
full metal jacket was not scripted??? whatta hell... this guy has some serious acting skills than!!
Goodfellas: "what do want Henry, the leg or the wing?" But yeh great list.
FUCK YEAH! Favorite film of all time and that scene is awesome!
MAAAN I wish I was this awesome in improv. >_>
um not...because I am not 12
Wrong. Just saying.
I don't think that qualifies, it was pulled out by Ford in the last minute, he asked the director right before start shooting and received a go. In some of these scenes the sign reads "...wasn't told what to do..." and "improvised" looks like made at the very moment of shooting, like in "even the director* was surprised" *G.E. Malcolm McDowell and Kubrick.
On my Midnight Cowboy DVD commentary, the producer I think says the scene with the cab was not improvised contrary to popular belief.
The one with the taxi is hilarious
i know i was!
3:02 thats so interesting! That part of the movie stood out more than any other part. Makes sense, it was real emotion. 
wow, a bunch of those ad libs are in the AFI top 100 lines of all time.
wow, a bunch of those ad libs are in the AFI top 100 lines of all time.
He immortalized that character forever. 
I was just about to comments saying the same thing. Good catch.
You forgot Attica!!! Dog Days Afternoon
He has the voice for it but not the look.
What if Mark Hamil decided to get on screen again to play the role?
Love that last one from full metal jacket. Not even have the common courtesy to give him a reach around.
Was anyone else expecting the scene from Raiders of the Lost Ark where Indy just shoots the guy with the sword?
Mark Hamill.
@ 0:40 - it's from knocked up, not 40 year old virgin,,, i have no idea if someone else said this or not- didn't want to go through the comments but it was bothering me. 
I think Jack Nicholson did an overall better job. Just saying.
Dustin said he had to quickly change his response from "We're filming here!" to "I'm walkin' here!" in his head.
the Usual Suspects scene was meant to be serious, they all got the giggles when Benicio Del Toro farts during the line up, so they decided to keep it in
What a kind of mindset you have. Awful.
at 0:40 seconds, I've never seen that scene in 40 Year Old Virgin
The Warriors scene came from the childhood memories of the actor saying "Warriors come out to play". He was bullied as a kid, and the bullies used to but the bottles on his fingers, clink them together and say "Come out to play" and would then beat him up. The more you know.
Yea although they also said Jack Nicholson wouldn't be able to be topped 
GUY: you know how i know your gay!? GUY2: How? GUY: Your dick taste like shit
I wonder that if he was still alive would he have gotten the Academy Award.
The joker scene was scripted...
@Tracy Buddha the animated series.
What? No Godfather II scene where the towel catches on fire???
R. Lee should have won an award for FMJ.
I didn't mean film, I just meant as a role in general. He was him in the cartoon series, a couple of movies based on the animated series, and he was the joker in the two best batman games arkham asylum and arkham city.
Hamill? never seen him play the Joker what film please?
Mark Hamill's joker was the best.
MY little friend ALEX would love it the world of absolute CHAOS that coming soon...
soory about this word but It's a shity movie
There's a British gangster movie called Love, Honor & Obey. Almost the entire film is unscripted. It's stars Ray Winstone, Jude Law & Jonny Lee Miller (who you may remember dated Angelina Jolie before she married Billy Bob Thornton). It's certainly worth a watch, but as it's unscripted & the cast are Londoners, some of the films references will be quite obscure to non Brits
DO YOU SUCK DICKS?
You spelt dialogue wrong the entire video.
nicholson wasn't bad....
Might that be why it's at the #1 spot?
Truth be told, Mark Hamill could play The Joker in a live action film as well. an older alternate version, just get the make up right:)
Why did they cut the Hitler scene so short? I know all of these other overrated and stupidily overused movie lines and sequences, but the "Mein Furher I can walk" sequence, of which I know very little about, seemed very interesting and funny as hell, namely because of the Messianic Complex of Hitler and his followers that it was alluding to.
well its kinda different, i mean all the other jokers in the past have been pretty bad and heath really nailed it. Still you shouldt like prevent people from doing batman movies with the joker just because of that :)
LET ME SEE YOUR WAR FACE!
no one should ever attempt it again? thats kind of stupid...sean connery was a good james bond so is daniel craig. should no one ever attempt the role again? 
@iceakon He was told there would be a large explosion. After the first 2 initial ones, he was waiting for the bigger one, due to a malfunction with the pyrotechnics.
Lee emery was a gunnery sgt before he became a actor. He improved almost the whole boot camp sequence.
The Saving Private Ryan's unscripted part was my favourite.
The one Joker did was fantastic.
Mein Fuhrer! I can Walk! Hahaha!
Yes, that has been espeblished.
...bigger boat...Greatest of all time!
Forgot the scene in Raiders of the Lost Arch, when Ford shoots the sword wielding man because he had a cold and didn't feel like doing the fight scene that should have come next.
*Madsen
R. Lee Ermey didnt blink at all when he was yelling 
that scene with paul rudd and seth rogen was from knocked up not the 40 year old virgin
Malcolm McDowells Scene is the best in my opinion. To sing this song in this situaiton is just brilliant!!
Malcolm McDowells Scene is the best in my opinion. To sing this song in this situaiton is just brilliant!!
Love Jim Carrey, fruitloop..Hoffman was quick on the draw, nice 'real' piece of drama there. McDowell's kick, slap and sing-along always makes me laugh, as does Madson's 'ear' improv.. and R Lee Ermey.. well, I could watch him for hours! Good collection.
Not even a reach around. :(
The Joker leaving the exploding hospital was completely scripted... In the behind the scenes DVD they said that they had rehearsed it with Heath over 12 times to make sure he would get it right because they really were blowing up a building so it was a one take scene.
Its in the book.
Yeah, and Jodie's reaction was unscripted--she was totally creeped out by Hopkins.
tears in the rain is a david bowie quote just sayin 
ITS INTHE HOLE!
Totally agree, very overlooked but very talented actor.
he had diarrhea thats why he shot him :p
God number one is just so good.
1:34 Patrick McReary from GTA IV
I miss Heath Ledger.
I'm sure I'm the 1000th person to say this....but in Blade Runner....it's "tears in rain". The word "the" is not there.
Dude that's from Happy Gilmore I think you should watch it some time geeze. They might of took it from Caddy Shack but the "Get it the hole!" is a little more iconic in that golfing movie.
Theres tags in the bottom left of the screen that say the name of the movies as the scene comes up.
Too bad you didn't put Captain Jack Sparrow's "I got a jar o' dirt!" in this video. That scene was also completely unscripted, and just Johnny Depp being silly.
Reservoir Dogs.
Ahh now I get it. American Ryder Cup fans are being ironic when they shout "Get in the hole!" All this time I thought they were idiots.
2:02 was awesome!
full metal jacket is the best XD
Great video, thanks for the work and upload!
You should've done the chestburster scene in Alien - none of the actors knew what was going to happen.
Just my opinion but no one should ever attempt to play the role of the Joker ever again . I just don't see anyone being able to top Heath Ledger . One of the finest acting jobs I think I've ever had the pleasure to see. 
I think the demolition screwed up and stopped, so heath wanted to make sure the scene wasn't ruined (Since they really did blow up a hospital) so he played a long. Pretty awesome.
do you wanna laugh ?? well we make comedy sketches and have 1800 subs come see why 1800 people subscribed ,, well its because i make fucking funny sketches
There's Robin Williams. *fast forward*
Now that's entetainment! Thanks!
actually thats not true- just a joke perpetuated by Ford and the crew at the time. If you listen to the commentary in the re-releases its obvious its a running gag. 
There was a problem with the pyrotechnics, and ledger just reacted in character. The explosions resumed as planned at a great time.
In the dark knight did they add the exploations after seeing heaths reaction to it? or was the hole thing supost to be like that?
agreed. 
2:01
2:08
I believe the original plan was to go back and re shoot after Ford had recovered but the director liked the new way and decided to keep it,
He gets a lot of roles but most of the stuff he does goes straight to DVD. Kinda like Cuba Gooding Jr nowadays.
thats not 40 year old virgin its knocked up
I recall hearing something about the stuntman being unhappy and I don't blame him. You're right - some great scenes are sometimes cut from films. The Godfather, for one, is full of them.
Definitely. It's one of my favorites.
Watching the movie isn't going to make it clear what was unscripted or not. Behind the scenes, interviews etc will. All of these not least of all "I know" are quite well known among Film Enthusiasts who delve into every aspect of them. Just because they are new to you doesn't mean they aren't correct. Look them up for yourself. 
No, they're not. "I know" is famous, but many of the others are completely new to me. And I watched a lot of movies.
I'm just stunned. The line is on the soundtrack, and I always thought: man, that is great scripting!
"Like tears in rain" , Bladerunner, improvised by Dutchman "Rutger Hauer" . one of the best lines of the movie Bladerunner. Yep. It resembles the loss of digital live by the Nexus robot, that Rutger was..... Greetings from the Worldwide Cyberpunk Collective. Thanks for including bladerunner in this video collection ! 
The Blade Runner one should really have been #1, I think.
That's true. The stuntman playing the swordsman was none too happy about that because he'd been practicing for months preparing for that scene, and it was cut at the last moment. Unfortunately, some of the best scenes are left on the cutting room floor...
That's one of the funniest scenes in a movie I've ever seen
wasn't the hannibal improv.. well that line about the liver and the fava beans something hopkins did to creep jodie out? hahah
Many of these are well known for being ad-libs 
full metal jacket is hands down the best on here
no actually, u are right.. my bad lol :D i thought it was the scene from knocked up where they're driving to las vegas lol
no actually, u are right.. my bad lol :D i thought it was the scene from knocked up where they're driving to las vegas lol
sorry but number 22 is not 40 year old virgin.. it's from knocked up..
leave the gun! take the canoli. lol
Great compilation, thanks!
Thank you, lol, I have always been terrible with names. Regardless he is one of my favorite actors, and I have loved all of his characters that I have seen so far.
The name's actually Michael Madsen, no "i".
HERE'S JOHNNYYYYYYYYY!
These lines weren't unscripted you dumbfucks
No, I'm a Marine.
Yes I am a Marine and thanks for your service Sergeant. Yeah, you're right. It just pisses me off to see people say stuff like that without even checking their facts beforehand and then blowing up because of a correction. Anyways thanks again for your service brother, stay strong out there.
a great list for film buffs
jim carrey's unscripted scene at the gas station where he said hi to the big gulp guys was also cinematic gold haha
Apparently, after the "reach-around" comment, Kubrick stopped the filming and asked Ermey "What's a reach-around?" and Ermey said "Oh, Kubrick, honey: use your imagination."
I honestly think Michael Madisen is a very under rated actor, I would love to see him in more roles
my ears
he was originally hired for an army consultant but they like his charm so much they made him an actor!
Warriors come out to play was unscripted? WOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOW!!!!! Thats cray cray
Number three was knocked up not 40 year old virgin 
1:10 was like the funniest one for me lol XD
Great work here, thank you. Apologies if anyone already said this upthread, and/or if there's a sequel that has this -- (not to mention I could be completely wrong about it) -- but I've read that Robert Downey, Jr, playing Tony Stark in [the first] Iron Man, did his entire demo-ing-the-Jericho-missile speech ad lib. That's the one that starts out "Is it better to be feared, or respected?" One of the best kick-ass soliloquies ever, and way more so if unscripted.
We need more of these.
Lol that was a good one..IDK why nobody thumbed this up
No they wernt, the opening scene with the drill sergeant was mainly improvised because he knew he was a drill sergeant in real life so gave him a lot of freedom to improvise. 
don't waste your time explaining it leather neck. You're a marine right? anyway it's not worth telling people who will just say the same bs again and again anyway. i've worked at the same place for like 2 years and i still have to correct them when they tell people "I was in the army". the difference is bigger than the grand cannyon but you know how it goes
in that case, it's a good thing this is youtube and not marine recruit training. no one here is required to refer to themselves as "this recruit" so relax and enjoy the show
isnt the "I believe in America" seen unscripted? 
I belive "Game Over man", but what about "They mostly come out at night, mostly"?
Nice work! One recommendation if you do another: The scene in ROTLA where Indiana Jones shoots the swordsman in Cairo. A complex 'whip vs. sword' battle was scripted (and partially filmed) but Harrison Ford - along with most of the crew - had become extremely ill during the location shoot in Tunisia and was ready to call it a day. Ford's solution was to just shoot the swordsman and move on.
I fucking read that today... O.o I had no idea that the one dude BROKE TWO TOES. Helmet was too hard.
Where's "There will be Blood"?
trolo
But he came up with them on the spot, and he never wrote them down in the script. Hence the word "Unscripted"
Fun fact: Buddy of mine's father went through basic training at the same base where Ermey was stationed. Said that he was actually one of the nicer instructors on-base, not a complete hardass like his character.
AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA!!!!
Where did you learn reading comprehension? Sunday school?
cracked did an article 6 iconic scenes that happened on accident, some of them are shown here, so if you liked this check it out
The Warriors! So under-rated :)!
@ylzrdfd yep some of them are spot on. I couldnt believe it but then I had that money deposited in my bank! Its really easy all you have to do is answer a few polls each day. Check em out >> bit.ly/Wh6Axm?=jhwjnu
where did you get those statistics, Call of Duty? 
Finster's the man! "handmethekeysmuthafucka whutduhfug."
Afaik Ford just fired right away because he was ill and not feeling so well on that day.
He also stole some of those lines from An Officer and A Gentleman.
Hey, wanna hear the most annoying sound in the world?
Personal experience? What is the difference?
i think heath ledger did an improvised clapping scene in the Dark knight as joker
Originally they had someone else for the part and R Lee Ermey said that guys sucked. The director (being a smart ass) Said let's see you do better and booyah he went through that entire scene without pause. There is also a rumor that to really test him they were throwing soft objects at him and he never flinched but I'm not sure about that one.
Sir, I said it, Sir
The best part of watching this video is seeing the other actor go "uhh...what the hell are you doing" in his mind when the first one starts improving.
Your going to need a bigger boat was improvised well you learn something new every day
Blade Runner should be number one
Blade Runner should be number one
WHO THE FUCK SAID THAT?
"I know" from Star Wars was unscripted? Really! Huh!
Where's Daniel Day Lewis' from Gangs of New York?
Macklemore used that blade runner line on a song somewhere i dont remember exactly
four people do
Not sure the blade runner scene was ad-libbed.
That's because he really was a drill instructor.
great scenes....ignore the complaints of "wheres this scene??"....Can't please everyone on youtube
@rlytmde Yup this website here is just sending out 100% free Pink Apple iPad 4's for today only. But you do have to be from the U.S though but it's legit, I claimed mine a few minutes ago. Get in quick! bit.ly/T5eKZ1?=vbqwm
that guy is like that in real life too, my brother met him and was like wtf damn.
.."Put down your cocks and pick up your socks"...Classic lines all through that film and the drill instructor is awesome!
40 year old virgin m8
No one cares.
0:39 isn't that Knocked Up?
quite a few of these are on AFI's list of top 100 movie quotes. just goes to show how pure magic can come from nothing. i wonder if for some of these lines the actors instead of just improvising, they saw the potential of what they would become. 
What about "that still only counts as one!"
what about the indiana jones scene where harrison ford shoots the guy with the swords? 
U forgot scarface idiot
Last scene was THE SHIT!!!
No he was a Drill Instructor. A drill Sergeant is Army, a Drill Instructor is Marine Corps. They make that difference clear to you very, very quickly and loudly when you're in Marine Recruit Training. 
but what about the famous "bubblegum" line? "im here to chew bubblegum, and kick ass... and im all out of bubblegum"
Gotta love Gunny
You've never had R Lee screaming at you :x He wasn't trying to be funny, so it wasn't humorous at the time I think.
MISSING: spacey throwing the plate in american beauty, Walken spitting in de niros face in dear hunter 
Unscripted is another way of saying 'Ad-Libbed'. Ad Libs are always unscripted. R Lee Ermey didn't write his lines...he come up with them on the spot. He was a real life Drill Sargent, so this is why he was so good at it.
"Take the gun......Leave the Cannoli"
WTF the lines in Full Metal Jacket weren't unscripted, they were all written by R Lee Ermey himself!
I love Usual Suspects!
The taxi looked GREAT.. Almost too good. 
But we don't remember much of his stuff like we do remember these clips.
The best was saved for last.
That private in the last seen should have gotten paid extra for not even cracking a smile. 
Nah man. The tears in rain scene. Unbelievable!
Wow, I never knew 20 was unscripted. That was one of my favorite parts of the movie. Or 13, or 6... geeze, all the best stuff in movies is improved.
Goddamn, Woody Allen's sneeze.
Not one scene with Eddie Murphy? He improvised tons of famous material in his early movies like Beverly Hills Cop, Trading Places, etc. 
it's really depressing that you felt the need to explain where "Here's Johnny" came from. One of those moments where you realize you're getting old. I'm 38, and it's amazing to realize that I could have an 18 year old kid who doesn't remember when there was no internet.
for the movie Full Metal Jacket, R. Lee Ermey was actually the set rep for the USMC (any movie potraying Marines must have one) and he was chosin because of his Drill Insrtuctor backround. During the auditions for the SDI GySgt Hartman R. Lee. Ermey got so fed up about how the actors could do it right so he tore up the script for Hartman and pretty much said "Fuck it, I'll do it myself" (not actual quote)
All these ppl commenting that these couldn't possibly have been non scripted or improvised have clearly never been on a movie set. One scene in a movie can take an entire day of shooting over and over and over again, so ya, quite often actors will improvise lines. 
Thanks for this video. Maybe you could add Tuco's revolver shop scene from The Good, The Bad and The Ugly for the next version? :-) It's the scene where he survives the desert and goes to buy a new gun. From beginning to the end, the scene was improvised by brilliant Eli Wallach
Only the last lines were
Holy crap, "tears in the rain" was improvised? That took an infinitely amazing quote and multiplied it by infinity awesome.
great great actor the sargent from fmj
Roy Scheider improvised one of the best-known movie lines? What a guy!
yes it did, but most likely that line and a lot more worse ones were used in the late 1960's lol 
What about the apartment scene in The Crow?
Raiders of the Lost Ark, when Indy shoots the guy with the scimitar:) 
R. Lee Emery was a drill instructor before he started acting, he taped himself spewing out all these insults as a sort of pre-audition for Kubrick.
Yes, I certainly knew it wasn't Madisen.
Yes, I certainly knew it wasn't Madisen.
it's Madsen, still closer than the uploader lol
What proof is there that any of this was improv? 
Three Kubrick movies in the top 10... the man knows how to pick em
I can't believe all those Iconic moments in movies were mostly improvised by the actors.
The bomb not going off and his reaction after the second explosion was real. He really jumped. :D 
im pretty sure the joker didnt just improvise and decide to blow up a hospital
how could you NOT include the scene in spaceballs where dark helmet was playing with the dolls
the big labowski??????? limo scene?!?!? jeff bridges imroved all that.
i thought a clint eastwood quote would appear
Michael MADSON.
They need to find that taxi driver who interrupted Dustin Hoffman filming, I'd love to hear what he had to say about that.
A true actor has the ability to improvise from nothing or something that another actor just threw out. A thing called talent.
oh my god.... now I know where that dumb and dumber quote is from LMFAO
I always loved that Dark Knight scene where the Joker starts looking around. I never thought that was unscripted.
that last one kicked ass!
full metal jacket has the best lines to date.
You mean Full Metal Jacket? 
You know who's really good at coming up with lines on the spot? Jason Voorhees. He's never had an unbelievable line and yet he has no lines in the script. That's pure talent.
3:22 - That's what she said.
Ya because there was one Transformer in this entire vid you fuckin loser. Go cry about your transformers and power rangers scripts somewhere else faggot.
Gene Kelly absolutely hated that his iconic song was used this way. Lol! Every time I hear it I think of this scene!
Yep, the Sarge. I bet only a guy who's been one can accurately portray one. There's been some good portrayals by actors, but Ermey is the best.
@dchwygv Yup this site is just giving out 100% free Pink Apple iPad 4's for today only. You have to be living in the U.S though but it is all real, I claimed mine a few minutes ago. Get in quick! bit.ly/RVCa3M?=fhunx
The Full Metal Jacket improvisation is the best IMO. That made R. Lee Ermey famous.
Singin' in the Rain was a huge part of the ending in Clockwork Orange as well.
I bet the robots in the Transformer movies all ad-lib half the stuff they say.
I bet that, in the 'Wife farting' scene, Matt Damon was laughing at the fact that Robin Williams was coming up with all this shit on the spot. 
Some of these scene aren't improvised, most of them were written in by the actors. Blade Runner, Reservoir dogs and the usual suspects for sure.
yea but he still had his accent :) lol 
Do you think they've got a bunch of fuckin amateurs acting and filming for all these movies? It's called being professional, dumb shit. Haha and where the fuck did you pull that 1 million dollars a day shit from, your ass?
Well I think the cameras didn't cut away, I bet they continued filming for longer and the scenes were edited to the what we see now. And when it comes to actors reacting, well I think when they're all in character it becomes easier to adapt to their co-actors improvising. I was watching a high school play and a stage prop fell and the actors reacted to it like their characters in the play would. It made the scene way funnier than intended and actually became one of the best parts of the play.
You really think while filming a movie that might cost 1 million dollars a day they are gong to wait for someone to come up with a line? How is it the other actors react to it so well? How is it the camera knows just when to cut away..........unscripted my ass.
i think you will find for the most part it was not acting. 
"Game over man, game over" hahaha, I love that so much. Really good vid, thanks alot. And that bit on Unusual Suspects hahaha =)
Well some of these are blatantly not unscripted. What a load of bullshit.
great video 
or maybe that was just his natural response
That would have made it three Ford films. What a goddam rebel!
all great classics HEY here you can grab an iphone5 they give one for the 100 first people who connect to >> goo.gl\sxTDQ ENJOY !
At 1:07 you can see the camera shaking from the camera man laughing so hard lol 
NBo "I was going ot make espresso" from Young Frankenstein? :(
Some of the greatest lines in movie history and they were ad-libbed!
You've gotta wonder if these guys knew that some of their off-the-cuff improvisations would become the greatest film quotes of all time.
Those who are movie-buffs tend to find these things sooner or later. It's not as though it's a secret within the industry. The actors, the producers, the writers, the director; anyone can reveal what's scripted and what's not. It's all in good fun.
god i love full metal jacket
Excelent video man!
Mike Myers accidently bringing the roof down in Love Guru and him walking out was unscripted
Also, in The Dark Knight, Joker's clapping after Gordon is promoted was also unscripted.
22 is Knocked Up
22 is Knocked Up
I agree. It was the last one where he was a cowboy! 
I know there's no lines but the chestbuster scene from alien is an honourable mention, the actors weren't told the body would spurt blood everywhere so all there reactions were real
5:13 I'm pretty sure Marty McFly said that first back in 1885
Definitely is. It's the scene when they're on their way to Vegas to see Cirque Du Soliel. But they are doing the same "You know how I know you're gay" bit from 40 Year Old Virgin. 
small correction for mewlist, #22 Is not from 40 year old virgin, its from Knocked up, yes the jokes are from forty year old virgin but thats not it.
full metal jacket is a brilliant film.. the boot camp scenes are just marvelous!
for those who dont know r lee emery was a actual marine drill instructor 
the best unscripted scene in tv history has to be Will Smith talking about his dad in Fresh Prince of Bel Air
RIP Heath Ledger =(. No one will ever top his joker. Seeing his improvisation just solidifys that fact. 
 apocalypse now??? drunk martin sheen breaking the mirror should have been included 
Killer. Thanks!
Because lines are not scripted doesn't mean that it wasnt intended or been told to do it by directors or actors, scripts change all the time also. 
warriors scene was improvised?! That line was HUGE. That actor deserves a big ass bonus. 
He added the annotations because some of the dialog is scripted making it so that he doesn't confuse viewers between improv and actual dialog.
So we need to keep the annotations on so that you can tell us all the scenes here were improvised even though this video is titled as a list of improvised scenes? /facepalm
Most of Mikr Leighs films are totally unscripted check David Thewlis out in Naked - now there's talent
number 1 reminds me of Half Life: OF.
you should tag every movie name to each number of the 25 movies 
Gotta See lol 5:42
what i hear is the A-Team scene where Sharlto Copley was spinning on the helicopter blade was just an improv add in. 
its in the collector's edition only however... and although he was incorrect they did use that line in 40 year old virgin a lot.
Its Knocked Up not 40 year old virgin for Number 22.... 
FMJ was great, but list should have included the scene from Indiana Jones where an enemy does a bunch of elaborate sword moves, then Harrison Ford just kinda rolls his eyes and shoots him.
Some fucking great movies there !
How do you keep a straight face at the end
Indiana Jones sword fight should have been on here
I love Gunny
Last one was the best
WHAT?!? ROBOCOP ISNT IN HERE? "Just give me my fucking phone call" why you bastard!
That wasn't improvised. They did change the original scene, but it was scripted.
ACTUALLY, R. Lee Ermey was a Marine. It wasn't improvised, he said that to about a thousand Marines during his service. It was practiced for years and years, just not scripted. He was brought on to the movie as an consultant. when the original actor couldn't cut it, Ermey said " this is how you do it ". They fired the actor the next day
Chuck Norris...
the only accurate use of annotations ever
Holy shit, I can't believe some of these are improvised. This stuff takes great acting.
4:46 damn! he almost got ran over by a car and still stayed in CHARACTER!! now that's true acting!!
how does r lee ermy not EVER blink?!
Usual Suspect shoulda made top 5.. Benecio Del Toronto farting and making the cast laugh.. funny
What about Will Ferrell's tuna monologue in The Other Guys? On the spot magic.
What about when Indiana Jones pulled his pistol on the guy with the sword in raiders of the lost ark, and there was meant to be a massive fight scene however Harrison Ford on the spot just pulled out the gun and shot him. 
Correction. GnySgt Ermey is retired from the USMC. That's the Marine Corps.
1:28 "I know" like a boss
That "Full Metal Jacket" clip was pretty funny, but the funniest, to me, is the police line-up from "The Usual Suspects." I love that the actors couldn't keep a straight face to save their lives. Makes an otherwise dull scene hilarious. Although, as far as artistic merit goes, Rutger Hauer's parting lines in "Blade Runner" are the most beautiful.
Nice list. How about Christopher Walken spitting in DeNiro's face during one scene in The Deer Hunter?. I'm pretty sure it was unscripted and DeNiro had no idea.
Huh some of the most iconic lines were never scripted, sounds like writers are over paid LOL. I agree FMJ was a fantastic film, but only the 1st half at boot camp then it went down hill but Usual suspects was epic start to finish
I know Lee Ermey is a badass
#22 is knocked up dumb shit not 40yr old virgin
Of course all of R. Lee Ermy's lines are improv the man was a damn DI in the marines for 11 years
All are great choices, thanks man. But I'm afraid you missed Joe Pesci's "funny how" scene in GoodFellas.
i cant believe that part in saving private was unscripted!! thats such an important part!
i cant believe that part in saving private was unscripted!! thats such an important part!
mein fuhrer!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
this fucking sucks!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
also in X-men Wolverine says "What do they call you, wheels?" . Hugh Jackman was scripted to say "baldie" instead of wheels
Actually in Caddyshack, that whole entire scene where he is hitting the flowers was improvised on the spot by Bill Murry, not just the "It's in the hole" part.
Totally missing the "I could have been a contender" speech by Marlon Brando from "On the Waterfront".That whole thing was improvised. Good list though-
4:13 wow, that's some great acting. 
The best part of 243 people ran down the crack of their momma's ass crack and ended up as a brown stain on the mattress. 
more!! i want more... plz add more vid like this
What, no Indy?
the seargent is a real mother fucker
heath ledger did so freky ass crap in the Dark knight he will be missed...
Game over man, Game over !
Game over, man! Game over! goddamn that is the best
heath ledger did such a great job in the dark knight 
the 5 kids expressions when they saw willy wonka was unscripted too since it's also the first time they met gene wilder also princess fionna's burp was real & accidental & eddie murphy improvised with "she's as nasty as you"
And the vulcan salute.
no its not..
last scene is just hilarious, i would not have been able to hold the mask there. 
2. Hopkins apparently thought it was quite a silly thing to do, which is why he gave a pause before making the sound, in case it needed to be cut.
@swmeeti Cant say no, i agreed. BUT cant believe that i got a NFL jersey for nothing here--> bit.ly/RO3eRH?=wxgbkx
That "40 year old virgin" clip is from knocked up. 
Hellllooooo, Marlon Brando 'On the water front' "I could of been a contender, I could of been somebody. Still a very good video thoe thank you.
Common curtsy for the reach around hahahahahaha
1- HAL... Open the door... I'm sorry Dave, I'm afraid I can't do that. 2- COLONEL JESSUP! DID YOU ORDER THE CODE RED? (...) YOU CAN'T HANDLE THE TRUTH! 3- YOU GET NOTHING!
the "i'm walking here" scene should have been higher, "leave the gun, take the connolli" should of been in the top 5, and the Goodfellas scene "funny how" should of been number 1, or on this list at the minimum.
Absolutely brilliant how some of the best scenes are improvised﻿
What about Goodfellas the scene with Joe Pesci at the table with all the guys? You think I'm funny? You think I'm funny? What THE FUCK IS SO GODDAMNED FUNNY ABOUT ME?!?!?!
another good one was in scream when matthew lillard got hit with the phone, made the scene that much more believable
Does anyone else just come for the 2:00? :D
a little bit of both. Some times directors might tell an actor to improvise with little instructions. Sometimes the actors just go with their guts. Alot of directors may not like actors changing the scripts though on their own.
"English".
2:00 best part of the video
243 people didn't have the courtesy,
That was pretty good!
@1:30 laser skirmish flash backs :')
they forgot "I was myself with a rag on a stick"-Bart Simpson
I fucking love full metal jacket
Yep and most of the dialogue he used was from personal experience in boot camp.
0:25 dumb and dumber :D
Heath, what a fucking legend =( He was amazing
acting is tough.
were these really unscripted? i know the heres johnny one was unscripted but i thought the other lines were to good to be scripted XD
True. It was just worded funnily enough to confuse me, like you were talking about something other than the explosions.
last 1 - the BEST
thats pretty cool :) 
Wow, if all of the Drill Instructors dialogue was genuinely improvised; he is a genius beyond words. 
I read that the "hsssss" was something Anthony Hopkins would do off-camera to Jody Foster just to playfully give her the creeps. So glad he did it in the movie, too. Scared the shit out of me when I first saw it as a kid.
Well as I understand it they didn't have enough resources to completely make a new set and set up the explosives again. I mean, that shit is expensive. But why would they cut camera if the explosion didn't go off for a couple of seconds? I mean it makes sense that they kept rolling to see if it would go off or not. Plus, Heath Ledger was a genius at acting, I'm sure they trusted him to improv his way out of it.
That doesn't make sense. Not doing what was supposed to happen isn't a reason to keep rolling. 
That doesn't make sense. Not doing what was supposed to happen isn't a reason to keep rolling. 
Must be a hell of a thing to keep a straight face as an actor during some of those rants, LOL!
it depends. in the "you talkin' to me" scene in taxi driver and the drill seargent scene in full metal jacket, the whole scene was created by the actors. for scenes like "i'm walkin' here!" in midnight cowboy and "heeeere's johnny!" in the shining, the actors were following scripted lines and direction, but added lines that felt natural in the moment.
This fucking video... so knowledgeable, and such a great order for each scene.
In The Dark Knight, all of the explosions were supposed to go off. It was supposed to go right the first time, which is why they kept rolling through the explosion that didn't go off. Heath Ledger improvised the actions until the explosion did go off, though.
YOU ASSHOLE!!!
I gave your comment a thumb down. You're welcome.
It was supposed to be slightly awkward and not that well told to fit his character. 
I gave your comment its 100th like. You're welcome.
I never really understood the hole improvising thing... Was there already something in the script and they just ignored it or did the script just not have anything in it so they just came up with something on their on?
Great stuff.
Ermey never met the actors playing the recruits before filming so it made it easier to act like a drill instructor in real life.
My entire life in improvised 
Watch "Inspirational Video Rise" greatest movie video ever!
22 was Knocked Up, not 40 Year Old Virgin ;-)
Ermy didn't need to improvise, he had heard it all before in the Marines
I remember the malkovich scene..lmao extra was drunk
Yeah, he was an ex-marine drill sergeant. Awesome character!
this comment is improvised
I still find it phenomenal the lines he said were all improvised. 
R. Lee Ermey had an easy job improvising - he insulted recruits for a living. Still, I'm impressed.
Full Metal Jacket, HAHAHAHAHAHA!!!
You're kidding me, how was the Aragon vs Lurtz scene not here?
Anthony Hopkins line about her accent was also unscripted and Jodie foster's ashamed/hurt look is genuine.
Anyone notice all these improvisors were males?
Not that it really matters but I am pretty sure that "know how I know your gay" was from knocked up on the way to Vegas. The 40-Year-Old Virgin was in Carrells house playing video games.
Matt Damon is terrible
that's stupid
Couldn't stop laughing at #8
these people are real actors. the rest are people who read scripts.
For me, the greatest improvisation of all time is Charlie Chaplin's speech at the end of "The Great Dictator" ... it's just great. ;)
R. Lee Ermey deserved the No.1 spot. I swear, the boot camp part was so good i wouldn't mind watching a 3-4 hour standalone version.
A little disappointed not to see the Bugs Bunny scene from Wayne's World, haha. Still, awesome list. Actually didn't know about a lot of these.
Wasn't that breakdown an actual heart attack he had during filming and they used the footage? That's what I remember from "Hearts of Darkness" anyway the whole end of that movie was unscripted Brando's stuff is all crazy adlibs.
Forgot Indy shooting the Swordsman from Raiders was ad libbed cause Harrison was sick from food poisoning and couldn't do a full fight so it was changed to a gun shot instead.
Where's Indy shooting the Swordsman from Raiders?
The Shinning, eh?
haha, that is both the worst and the best death scene ever!!!
You guys will appreciate this I think as much as I did.Here's an explanation of some of those scenes and morehttp://screenrant.com/greatest-unscripted-movie-scenes/?utm_source=zergnet.com&utm_medium=referral&utm_campaign=zergnet_32529﻿
4:34 is my favourite.
wait a minute... crap. i commented on the wrong video. i thought i clicked on this other video of this death scene in this old turkish movie (the one that got 16 million hits). ok, sorry for my sarcasm. please disregard my last comment.
wow. just amazing. really. this is epic. seriously, guys, seriously. just awesome. epic. on so many levels. 
*25. Quiere ser John Malkovich? (1999)El hombre que tira la lata y dice “Think Fast!” (Piensa Rápido!) es un extra e hizo esto sin que se lo soliciten.24. Locos del Golf (1980)La línea “It’s in the hole” (Está en el hoyo) fue improvisada por el genial Bill Murray.23. Tonto y Retonto (1994)Toda la secuencia con el sonido ensordecedor de Jim Carrey fue improvisada.22. Virgen a los 40 (2005)La escena completa no estaba en el guión, en los extra del DVD dura alrededor de seis minutos.21. En busca del destino (1997)La secuencia completa de la esposa que se tiraba gases no estaba en el guión.20. El Caballero de la Noche (2008)El cese de la explosión estaba en el guión pero todas las acciones de Heath Ledger cuando se detiene fueron improvisadas.19. Aliens: El regreso (1986)La línea “Game Over Man” fue improvisada.18. Tootsie (1982)El personaje de Bill Murray tenía que mostrarse hablando durante toda la fiesta, el diálogo fue improvisado.17. Los Sospechosos de Siempre (1995)La línea “Give me the fucking keys!” (Dame las malditas llaves!), fue improvisada por los 5 actores.16. Los Amos de la Noche (1979)La línea “Warriors, come out to play” (Guerreros, vengan a jugar) no estaba en el guión.15. El Padrino (1972)“Leave the gun” (Deja el arma) estaba en el guión pero “Take the cannoli” (Toma los Cannoli dulces) no.14. Dr. Strangelove (1964)La línea y la acción “Mein Fuhrer I can walk!” (Fuher puedo caminar!) fue improvisada y no era el final del guión.13. Rescatando al soldado Ryan (1998)La historia del personaje de Matt Damon fue improvisada.12. Tiburón (1975)La línea “You’re gonna need a bigger boat” (Vas a necesitar un barco más grande) fue improvisada.11. Star Wars: El Imperio Contraataca (1980)“I Know” (Lo sé) no estaba en el guión.10. Perros de la Calle (1992)A Michael Madisen no se le dijo qué hacer con la oreja, todos los movimientos y diálogos fueron improvisados.9. Casablanca (1942)La línea “Here’s looking at you, kid” (Aquí estoy mirandote niña) no estaba en el guión.8. Annie Hall (1977)El famoso estornudo no estaba en el guión. La escena tuvo que ser cortada porque los actores no paraban de reirse.7. El Resplandor (1980)La línea “Here’s Johnny!” fue una improvisación de Jack Nicholson, tomado del Tonight Show de Johnny Carson.6. Blade Runner (1982)“Like tears in the rain” (Como lágrimas en la lluvia) fue una línea improvisada.5. Cowboy de Medianoche (1969)El taxi que se cruza en la escena es un taxi real de Nueva York que ignoró los carteles de filmación. Dustin Hoffman improvisó el “I’m walking here” (Estoy caminando por aquí!), al igual que sus acciones.4. La Naranja Mecánica (1971)Stanley Kubrick no estaba satisfecho con la versión guionada de esta escena, por lo que Malcolm McDowell comenzó a cantar “Singing in the rain” sin que le digan nada. Inmediatamente Kubrick adquirió los derechos de la canción.3. Taxi Driver (1976)A Robert De Niro sólo le dijeron que se mirara al espejo, la línea “You takin’ to me?” (Me estás hablando a mí?) fue improvisada.2. El Silencio de los Inocentes (1991)El “hsssss”, uno de los sonidos más icónicos del cine, fue agregado en el momento por Anthony Hopkins.1. Nacido para matar (1987)Esencialmente, todo el diálogo del instructor fue improvisado por el actor R. Lee Ermey.*﻿
I remembered a handfull of these as being unscripted but the whole list is awesome! The Usual Suspects line up scene is fantastic and Full Metal Jacket scenes really set the tone for the movie right away. Its also great when the unscripted line turns out to be the one that carries on forever. Martin Sheens unscripted breakdown scene in Apocolypse now is also an absolute treasure for the history of film. 
2:24 :D:D:D:D:D:D:D:D:D:D:D:D:D:D:D:D:D:D:D:D
Last one is just GOLD. I can´t believe he kept a straight face through that one :)
R Lee Emory = An American original
Indiana Jones and the swordsman didn't make this list? I wonder why
Great video but it's missing the necklace laugh from Pretty Woman which I consider is the most memorable...
Great video but it's missing the necklace laugh from Pretty Woman which I consider is the most memorable...
Unscripted or not, these are the greatest scenes EVER.
What about in "The Outsiders" when they were at the drive through and the kid fell off his chair. That wasn't scripted. One of the actors was even looking up at the director waiting for him to yell cut. 
bill murray is a genius
I prefer the Spongebob version: "I love you" (Slams door)
lmfao 2:20 till end scene XD
Jeez he should have the courtesy.
Does anyone else keep going back to number 17? Ahahahahahahaha :D
#5 Was my favorite lol
good list! and good video too
You should have added James Dean from 'East of Eden' - there was a famous unscripted scene where Dean gives his father money in an attempt to make him proud and his father rejects the gift. In Steinbeck's novel the young man was supposed to storm out angrily while Dean surprised everyone on the set by breaking down in tears and hugging the father. The director Elia Kazan kept this powerful scene and it made movie history. 
Dead Pool and Pink Cadillac the two movies I refer to seeing how that's just him winging it and being, well, himself.
There's others out there who have good taste. I'm not alone!
Me watching this was improvised
He knows, he was correcting the other dude
it's actually called improvisation....
wow alot of famous lines were all improvised thats pretty cool. didnt even know that. 
dam the joker scene was improvised? It was such a great part too LOL
Check out Black and White Robert Downey Jr. Smacked by Mike Tyson. Robert Downey Jr. was told to act his part and say something to Mike Tyson. Mike Tyson (who was playing himself) was told to act like himself in the real world. 
Marines are gay and can get their asses handed to them by a girl. That is what I learned from 'Full Metal Jacket.'
FMJ :)
He was a Drill Instructor not a Drill Sergeant. 
ummmmm what? did you really miss it? 
you're so sweet. Thank you. 
And me. Friend request sent for recognizing comedic genius.
You can see him grin a little as he says the "reach around" part. I know that's often the hardest part for DI's and such.
227 said sticc 2 the script lol
@IAmTDurden
The Indiana Jones scene in Raiders of the Lost Ark where he nonchalantly shoots the man with the scimitar was unscripted and had huge cultural impact. Spielberg loved the improvisation so much that he didn't edit it out. it deserves to be on this list
HEEEREE'S JOHNNY! 
The first thing I thought of was Being John Malcovich, and sure enough it's the first one!
Neat!
I'm sorry if I'm wrong/accidentally spread misinformation. I got it from Cracked.com's article "5 Iconic Pop Culture Moments Improvised at the Last Second", entry #1.
Give me the keys is heeeelarious
I'm pretty sure that's not true. Peter Sellers probably improvised a ton of lines, but the actors definitely knew it wasn't a serious film
are you talkin to me?
Interesting story with number 14 with dr strangelove, the whole movie consisted of their gag takes. Every actor in the film was told this was a serious film but kubrik insisted they all do a comedic take just to get through their lines and get comfortable on set. So it's definitely likely that a lot of the gags throughout the film were improvised including the "Mein fuhrer, I can walk!" part.
I still laugh from Rudd and Rogen, also BILL FUCKING MURRAY
No. 23 Should be No 2
No. 22 is from 40 year old virgin, I watched it last night.
 I know what you're talking about. They did that in that movie too! lol
wait, you're actually right...my bad.
gonna have to agree with moreno0162, that's knocked up, when they go to vegas.
That was unscripted? Haha awesome!
so thats were lfd2 gets the one in the red jacket game over man game over pt 19
The "You're gonna need a bigger boat" from Jaws was not unscripted. I remember hearing Steven Spielberg explain somewhere that it was originally this whole long dramatic dialog that he eventually wound up cutting down to just this simple "You're gonna need a bigger boat" because the original lines clogged up the reality of the script.
Check out my channel.
No it's not? They're the people that work with him dumbass it is to from 40 year old virgin
#22 is from knocked up not 40 year old virgin
#22 is from knocked up not 40 year old virgin
Visit my channel
You know how I know you have no damn idea what you are even talking about? I know because you called it "improvication" you dumbass. You literally have idea what you are even talking about so do not come here insulting everyone else Matty boy.
2:32 The best improve EVER!
improvising script? someone gonna die falling in the elevator shaft..if you know what i mean ;P
But I suppose given how "unscripted" all of these scenes are, that one should be included.
Except that was scripted. Just not in the original script. Sorry.
I said his cameos. Like in some of the films starring Clint Eastwood. How he acts in those films was all him.
The scene from Indian Jones was unscripted but not improvised. IMDB: 'Harrison Ford was supposed to use his whip to get the swords out of his attacker's hands, but the food poisoning he and the rest of the crew had gotten made him too sick to perform the stunt. After several unsuccessful tries, Ford suggested "shooting the sucker." Steven Spielberg immediately took up the idea and the scene was successfully filmed.' 
These people only did one or two scenes that lasted about one minute. However, they made 88 episodes of Reno 911 at 22 minutes each = 1,936 minutes. I don't see how the people in this collection deserve credit for 30 seconds of improv when compared to that, yet nobody talks about Reno 911 anymore for some reason..Except guys like me.
Really, name one and I'll explain how you are wrong.
i agree with you but these are improvised scenes in films not tv shows
Me: And they said video games were filled with shit and rot your brains. Dad: Its true! *Resumes watching porno*
why did it say 40 year old when it was knocked up?
This is nothing. 99% of the show Reno 911 was improvised.
I liked: "Mr. Potter will always be there to save the day." "Don't worry, I will be."
1:33 :D
Luther's line from the Warriors should of been higher up. David Patrick Kelly made this up literally a few minutes before filming.
Umm, the one from Dumb and Dumber was? Number 23 at 0:26
I prefer the Family Guy version: "I love you" "Fuck off" lol
Stupid jugolos and your makeup
"Some people" told you Dr. Strangelove was "terrible"? WTF.
Joker scene is in the final draft of the screenplay
So meny Kubricks. Nice. Greettings from FINLAND!
It was half improvised. Harrison Ford had "montezuma's revenge" and he decided before filming he couldn't do the fight scene and he's like "I got a pistol. why not just shoot him?" So they did. Half imrpov half planned (in the moment). I guess that disqualifies it?
LOST IN TRANSLATION!
And not a single Jim Carrey scene from any of his movies (cameos) was listed.
FULL METAL JACKET! !!!!!!! HELL YEA
Hhhhhhhu
Love the joker scene
There u have 222 dropouts from acting school.
lol.
R. Lee Ermey's dialogue seems unsurprising, too, since he was an actual drill sergeant. He probably just used a standard abusive dialogue he actually used in the real situation.
It's not the least bit surprising that anything involving Robin Williams would be unscripted. His capacity for improv is a lot higher than almost anyone else in history.
REMARKABLE!
the entire scene in caddyshack with bill murray shooting the flowers was improvised not just the its in the hole line. actually a majority of the scenes from caddyshack that bill murray was in were improvised as well as chevy chase. its says so if you watch the commentary piece in the extras
That scene was unscripted, but not improvised on the spot by the actor which is what this video is all about. Due to Harrison's illness at the time, they decided prior to filming what they were going to do.
Ermey's "I bet you're the kind of guy..." line always cracks me up. Even better when you know it's improvised.
"Give me the FUCKING keys you COCKSUCKA"...lmfao
GIVE ME YOUR FUCKING KEYS YOU COCK SACKA MOTHA FACJAAAAKGGOAGJPJGHBAB
GIVE ME THE FUCKING KEYS YOU COCK SACKA MOTHAFUCKA BLALBLABLABLBLALGAGALGGA 
2:00 just made my month
What no scene where Indy shoots the swordsman in Raiders??
Thanks for letting me know. Ledger will never be forgotten.
"Heath Ledger directed both homemade videos that the Joker sends to GCN himself. The first video involving the fake Batman was done under Nolan's supervision. Nolan thought Ledger had done so well with that sequence, he felt there was no need for him to be there when it came time to film the scene where reporter Mike Engel reads the Joker's statement. He put his trust in Ledger and let him do whatever he wanted, ultimately pleased with the result after he'd seen the outcome."
Was it specifically in the script that there would be a torture scene, or did Nolan just agree to use it as part of the movie?
he actually was a Drill Sargent 
Yeah it was basically all Heath's idea, it was just him and the actor. Heath improvised all his lines.
Matt Damon is such a pain in the hole
Matt Damon is such a pain in the hole
Was anyone else waiting for, "Flames, FLAMES on the sides of my face..."?
Wasn't the torture video also improvised in "The Dark Knight?"
The explosion stopping in "The Dark Knight" wasn't scripted, something screwed up in the demolition process. 
Did you know these scenes were improvised? Plus one this post if you can spot the improv.http://youtu.be/cTFQBHBeleE﻿
Wait, Dr Strangeloves ending was not intended? Wow, sadly I heard from some people that the movie was terrible.
This vid has 222 haters, lol
see the issue here is several of theses aren't really improvisations, they are called actors acting.
Can someone list all the movies? I'm afraid to see a spoiler!
Very Good list, but where is the scene from Raider of the Lost Ark, when Indy shot the guy on the the marketplace instead of figthing with whip? One of the best unscripted scenes.
The scene from The Unusual Suspects was actually improvised acting. The cast laughing is their actual reaction to his acting. No one knew how each other was going to act.
you people are so gullible. that something wasn't in the original script, doesn't mean it was spontaneous. Do you have any idea how complicated filming 10 seconds of dialogue and response is. People don;t just drop in new things at the spur of the moment. Rather, actors and directors come up with some new ideas after the script has been written that may take them sevral hours or days to develop and filming. But this is hardly improvication.
Correction for Caddyshack. The entire movie was improvised.
Didnt mean to say that sorry.
@Perry Clitheroe
He was a Marine drill seargeant in Vietnam so I'm sure it wasn't hard for him! LOL
ahhaha best question ever
You can tell that the Good Will Hunting scene is unscripted because if you look carefully you can see the camera shaking as well
I'm not sure what I preferred about this video, finding out some of these lines were improvised or just hearing the lines!
I didn't hear the word nigger once
what's a reach around?
If ledgers actions weren't scripted then then scene wouln't have worked very wekk..I mean imagine if he had just walked off as planned - there would have been a big gap with nothing so I doubt this was really unscripted.
0:25, i now know where DasBoSchitt got that from
@ekmad or you can't refute what i said.
My favorite R. Lee Ermey line from Full Metal Jack: Ermey: How tall are you, private?! -5'9, sir! Ermey: 5'9?! I didn't know they stacked shit that high.
Well you're calling me a Nolanite (I'm not btw) I think I'd rather just consider you too Anti-Nolan to have a convo with
Warriors should have been first. That line IS the most recognizable.
Should've had Gary Busey's Prince Henry Stout monologue from Surviving The Game rather than the Joker scene imo. Good compilation though
why is that joker scene from batman in this???
only nolanites think that. that scene is not on the level of most of the other scenes here. some of these other scenes are so classic they have stood the test of time becoming part of pop culture. i don't think in a few decades anyone if gonna be talking about the joker walking around. hell no one talks about that scene now
It does belong, it's a great scene and Heath Ledger's ad-libbed bemusement at the lack of explosions summed up The Joker perfectly. 
like tears in the rain... amazing.
the TDK scene does not belong. it's just not a great scene. the fact that it was unscripted does not change that
Raiders of the lost Ark. WHERE IS IT??? the gunshot to the sword guy was improvised by Harrison Ford.
And by Kubrick, you mean R. Lee Ermey.
do you suck dicks...that my friends is the question
very funny. great line from damon, nosediving from the top of the ugly tree and hitting every branch down,lol.
What ever you do Pvt. Pyle don't fall down. That would brake my FUCKING HEART!! Favorite line.
This is the best video I've seen all week. Good job! 
"Actor" Gunny isn't just an actor, he is a God among actors. I demand that you fix this immediately.
You should have included the part from raiders of the Lost Arc where Harrison Ford opted to skip the fight scene by just shooting the swordsman!
my mistake lol #22
Full Metal Jacket, by far the best on screen improv was R. Lee Ermey
"i love you" "I know" what a badass
What about Breakfast Club, half of the movie is ad-libbed...
The scene were the alien bursts out of John hurt was unscripted.the looks on the actors faces were real looks of shock
i don't know what motivated stellers to that; whether it was spur of the moment or he just forgot his character was cripple and just stayed in character, but i doubt there was a person on camera, behind the camera, IN THE WHOLE STUDIO that wasnt if you'll excuse me for saying ROLFING FOR AT LEAST 5 MINS. come on if that wasnt scripted and someone just did that who wouldn't just snap like that. 
being one of the universes most hardcore perfectionists its hard to believe kubrick allowed improve. the fact that one such improve actually CHANGED THE ENDING OF A FILM says alot on. from what i read the original ending to STRANGELOVE was the war room breaking into a piefight.... dont ask i have know idea. the problem was that kubrick felt it was too silly for the films black comedy statis.
Technically he was a Staff Sergeant in the Marines. The Gunny rank was just honorary, given years after his discharge.
An actual Gunnery Sergeant in the Marines to be 100% accurate. 
An actual Gunnery Sergeant in the Marines to be 100% accurate. 
You are extremely incorrect. Both about the number, and the movie.
#23 is Knocked up but you put 40 year old virgin
You mean Gunnery Sergeant? If you're going to correct someone at least do it correctly.
um he was not an office he was a Gunnery Sargent so you know he worked for a living 
this is such a great video!!
Lmfao yea you're probably right dude's a fucking madman.
FMJ was the best of those..... XD
This is awesome, my class actually watched Full Metal Jacket in History class! The guy who plays the officer was an actual officer in the army and they wanted it as realistic as possible so just told him to act exactly how he did when he was training soldiers. Interesting stuff, really.
the fact that R. Lee Ermey improved that just makes him that much more of a bad ass.
Yeah, but the main improvisation in the usual suspects was Benicio del Toro's mumbling voice throughout the movie which was improvised and wasn't originally in the script also its the director that shouts 'In english please' and later decided to leave it in.
OBJECTION!!!! The explosions TDK didn't go off in the proper sequence, but ledger stayed in character and continued the scene.
That last one was freaking hilarious xD
Reach around - classic
Actually actors tend to be told how they should react.
they do the same thing in 40 year old virgin lol... 
Yes it was knocked up!!!
that was knocked up, not 40 year old virgin, i think...
You'd be too damned afraid of Kubrick to have laughed. 
hater 
Well now I feel like a dumbass... Jesus, I haven't had a brain crash like that since the summer of '02. Turned a pail of jellybeans upside down to see if they stayed in... they didn't.
"The Usual Suspects". It says all the movie's names at the start of the clips. :P
@101sunflare the usual suspects
What movie was the "GIMME THE FUCKIN" KEYS!" from? It's been bothering me ever since I saw this video!
How did they miss the 'I'm not.' guy from life of Brian?!? 
What's great about unscripted? :)
I enjoyed the video but this guy is right. As a fellow actor i have had to improvise and or do body movements not in the script. That's all apart of defining and making your character. Improvising is having to cover for a mistake made by you or another actor while your performing. Regardless i still enjoyed your video and its always cool to know what kind of lines and movements these actors came up with. 
He was, earlier in his life. He was honorably discharged from the military due to injuries sustained in Vietnam and/or Japan. After that he turned to acting, where he was frequently cast in military roles.
actually, de niro rehearsed that line in the mirror about 8 thousand times
I think Midnight Cowboy should top the list just because it was totally unplanned, the taxi driver just drove onto the film set without knowing they were filming.
i svear like thath sometimes 
this was very interesting, i did not know all that. thank you :)
its called improvising if they say it all differently without preperation, that is what it means.. heath wasnt supposed to have that effect from the bomb. sometimes theyre body language is scripted and other times it isnt
Being that basically all of Sgt. Hartman's dialogue in Full Metal Jacket was improvised if i was one of the actors i would seriously not be able to not laugh the whole time.
The Shinning? Seriously?
That drill sergeant is an actual drill sergeant, I think
These a fucking great.
Okay, this is a fun compilation, but body language and line delivery are actor choices. Not really improvisation.
you think that's funny chief? my wife is dead.
What happened is that it didn't explode on time, and that is why Ledger frantically mashed the button, and was so genuinely surprised when it starting working again. Notice how the bus waited for the JOKER? You would expect them to just leave. But they couldn't, because the explosion didn't go off.
1. I knew it. I just fucking knew it you worthless Maggots!
Hey Malkovich, think fast! 
Number one shouldve been the jelly doughnut scene from FMJ
The notations kinda ruined the experience of the video......
How was the scene from Goodfellas not in this? The one where Tommy, Jimmy and Henry visit Tommy's mother's house
Umm, except for rehearsals.
2:47 amazing improv, how wasn't that scripted? his wife told him "and dont forget the canolis!" as he left...
I think (emphasis on the think) that he was hired to write the lines, but then he was hired to actually do the part because the director realised he could do it much better than the actor. Something like that...
I know that's what makes him so fucking awesome ! He prob. said that b4...and that makes me smile from ear to ear. "OH MY GOD ONLY STEERS AND QUEERS COME FROM ~ I DIDN"T KNOW THEY STACKED SHIT THAT HIGH !!! love it !
I know that's what makes him so fucking awesome ! He prob. said that b4...and that makes me smile from ear to ear. "OH MY GOD ONLY STEERS AND QUEERS COME FROM ~ I DIDN"T KNOW THEY STACKED SHIT THAT HIGH !!! love it !
how the fuck wasn't the 8min uncut unscripted opening scene of "The Player" not in this?
Shit. This was not meant to be a reply to you. Haha.
Thanks..but not really relevant to anything I said
I agree completely...
Yeah, and I am not sure that it could be said that it was improvised. Ermey probably used that line and many others like it during his time as a real DI :-D
Robin Williams is not funny
gunny ermey FOREVER !!!
"The Usual Suspects"
This is Spinal Tap was entirely unscripted. As was In The Mood For Love.
Did you know these scenes were improvised? Plus one this post if you can spot the improv.http://youtu.be/cTFQBHBeleE﻿
Fuck that jaws REAL GREATEST SCENE was the part in the boat were the talk about scars. The last part were the old guy tells then about how he saw all the sharks eating those sailors alive. That was real.
the usual suspects 
Movements and actions are not generally scripted anyway. Places are blocked to move to...Heath Ledger's Joker would have re acted to the second explosion anyway as it was no accident to make another explosion. The extra yelling out at Malkovich is not "great", why not include all 5 usual suspect scenes if they are all improvised and I can't help but wonder what the drill instructor would have been saying if he had 'no script'...would he have just stood there looking instructive?
Movie in which "give me the keys" appears, please? 
You couldn't use a font that's harder to read than this, could you.
Did you know these scenes were improvised? Plus one this post if you can spot the improv.http://youtu.be/cTFQBHBeleE﻿
Did you know these scenes were improvised? Plus one this post if you can spot the improv.http://youtu.be/cTFQBHBeleE﻿
Did you know these scenes were improvised? Plus one this post if you can spot the improv.http://youtu.be/cTFQBHBeleE﻿
Did you know these scenes were improvised? Plus one this post if you can spot the improv.http://youtu.be/cTFQBHBeleE﻿
Did you know these scenes were improvised? Plus one this post if you can spot the improv.http://youtu.be/cTFQBHBeleE﻿
Did you know these scenes were improvised? Plus one this post if you can spot the improv.http://youtu.be/cTFQBHBeleE﻿
Did you know these scenes were improvised? Plus one this post if you can spot the improv.http://youtu.be/cTFQBHBeleE﻿
You don't even have the goddamn courtesy to give him a reach around!!
Lol why do you guys keep saying "Good, but you forgot ___"?? The title says 25 GREATEST which means that he isn't going to have ALL of them in the video.
only true actors make their own scripting
Does Casablanca really count? Doesn't Rick say "Here's lookin' at you, kid" in the Paris flashback?
Dog Day Afternoon's "Wyoming".
This is bullshit
All actors body language is unscripted.. that is what actors do. 
To be fair, the whole "in English" part wasn't in the script. 
This is great!﻿
The guy that made this video doesn't know what "improvised" means... example the joker acting like the device doesn't work when the script says the explosion pauses or a bunch of actors saying give me the keys slightly differently is not improvisation .. 
Ok, pretty spot on with most of them. However the famous "I'm walkin here!" line from Midnight Cowboy and the Taxi driving through was very much SCRIPTED! Common misconception i know.. I have the collectors DVD which is why i know this lol..
While shooting "It's a Wonderful Life", a crew member dropped some equipment and made loud noise. While walking off set, (I think it was Thomas Mitchell) yelled out "I'm okay!" to make it seem like his drunk character had ran into something :)
if you wernt in the army youd just twat him 
It was so great you couldn't remember it huh?
What about the line from Armageddon 
Harrison ford didn't want to do the fight scene so said, why don't I just shoot them, rescripted
Great list, but their were so many better scenes in Dr. Strangelove of Peter Sellers improvising.
Sorry....but no dice. That scene, which was put in for the reasons that you said, was not improvised on the spot, but planned out. The "planning" being Harrison Ford saying "Why don't I just shoot him?" Spielberg laughed. The crew laughed. They decided to go for it. No way would they have an improvised scene involving a firearm, even loaded with a blank. 
I think we all can say that the improv makes the movies seem so much more alive
According to imdb, #12 was actually not ad-lipped, but suggested by Ford after discussing it.
You forgot one from The Godfather. The iconic opening scene where Brando is being asked to kill the rapists of a funeral director's daughter and a cat jumps into Brando's lap. The cat was a stray interrupting the scene and Brando just picked it up and gently pet it in character without missing a beat, giving the continuity people a headache because now the cat had to stay in the film.
*25 Greatest Unscripted Scenes In Films* (according to the video's creator)*Definitely worth a watch ... leave the annotation on*﻿
That wasn't improvised. It was changed because Harrison Ford had the shits because of some illness. So they re-wrote it.
This is great!﻿
Well done, but you were forgetting something. Spaceballs. When Rick Moranis did the scene with the dolls it was all improvised.
"Tears in rain", one of the most iconic and without a doubt my favorite scene of all time just became tremendously more awesome.
This is great!﻿
i never really liked matt's random life story in saving private ryan but the movie itself was good.
Mein führur, I can walk!
This is great!﻿
R. Lee Ermey is a fucking beast. XD
this is really interesting... some of those are really good.﻿
This is great!﻿
I've lost count of how many times I've listened to that guy's laughter @ 2:09 x)
This is great!﻿
terrible typeface...terrible
This was brilliant except for one thing. the "actor" R. Lee Ermey was real a Marine Drill Instructor at one time.
Pretty neat! I knew about some of these, but some were quite surprising.﻿
"Are you a peter puffer?!" I can't stop laughing at this scene every time I watch it.
Not sure if it's been said before, but he was actually not an actor, he was a drill instructor. They hired him to teach an actor how to be a drill instructor, but when they saw how good he was, they simply just let him do the scene. Maybe he was just using his routine speech? That would be awesome!
The ENTIRE Bill Murray golf scene was improvised.
How bout the Departed or Goodfellas alot of unscripted scenes there
The explosion in "TDK" was scripted. Ledger's body language is what was improvised. Of course the rape scene in "Clockwork" was scripted but McDowell singing "Singing in the Rain" was not. There are conflicting stories with "Jaws" and "Midnight Cowboy". The writer of "Jaws" says the line was not in the script, the director says it was. Dustin Hoffman and Jon Voight said the line was not in the script, the director says it was.
You forgot "Dog Day Afternoon": Sonny: Is there any special country you wanna go to? Sal: Wyoming. Sonny: Sal, Wyoming's not a country. 
I love R. Lee Ermey
bad ass at 5:41 
Isn't the Paul Rudd/Seth Rogan scene from Knocked Up? They started that on The 40 Year Old Virgin, but the car scene is on the way to Vegas in Knocked Up. "You Know How I Know You're Gay Reprise"
Give the fukien keys you cocsukin mothfukaaaaaa
Yup those are pretty bad ass
Where is odin from thor heyyyyyy
Empire - "I know"….. My ex-wife heard that for 15 years from me …….. I can't understand why she left? 
Replace the hospital scene from the Dark Knight with the Joker clapping in his prison cell. Unscripted, but so perfect.
Holy shit, Tears in Rain.
TEARS IN RAIN﻿
everything looks scripted. fail.
Bill Murray is hilarious. He has some pretty good improvised sequenses in Ghost Busters too... And I LOVE the part with the Joker walking away from the hospital. It's so funny in a very twisted and sick way - one of my favourite moments from that film.
I always suspected the Matt Damon part (Saving Private Ryan) was improvised. It felt out of place, hardly one of the great. 
I think Jack Nicholson's 'Who's the rat?' scene from The Departed should be in here somewhere.
13. that was on the book...
"Subscribed"
In the "Saving Private Ryan" scene you can see Tom Hanks looking over at the crew like "wtf, do i keep going?" haha!
Forgetting Sarah Marshall sex scene
great scenes but how do you know they were all unscripted?
lol good spot.
Where is the "Grrrrrrrrrrrreat Asssssssssss!" line delivered by Al Pacino in Heat!?
Taxi scene was epic
By the way the story Matt Damon told in Saving Private Ryan was kept because everyone in the studio thought it was an awful story and it fit character. Apparently no one there thought it was anything funny and Damon got pissed
I had no idea most of these were unscripted. That's some damn good creativity in Full metal Jacket lol.
epic voice crack at 1:30 xD
No thats 40 year old virgin......
#22 is Knocked Up, not 40 Year Old Virgin...
my favourite. amazing.
the dark knight scene is awesome
the dark knight scene is awesome
Some of these are fake. Maybe small hints of improv, but that's it. Dark Knight was planned.
179 people suck dick... sir...
#13 Matt Damon's story may not have been in the original script but I really doubt it was completely improvised.
Blade runner!! -3
Heres jonny!
Holy hell! R.Lee Ermey could destroy anyone's confidence in real life.
KUBRICK
Joe Pesci had the original idea to say 'funny how?', but he improvised the scene. Ray Liotta didn't have a clue what was going on, his reactions are completely genuine. I know this because Joe Pesci says it in an interview on the special features of the dvd. 
If only everyone was perfect, like u. what a shame. I love Kubrick, and yes, the slapping and hitting was heavily scripted. It's the SINGING that was improv. And I'm pretty sure Ledger was far enough away (if not in front of blue screen) to be able to improvise the extra button pushing and jig. Sheesh! What a putz! 
or below. Who knows!
see my reply above. ^
Best scene of all time. He was also the guy that was supposed to train the actor to be a drill sergeant. He already was one. Hence the perfection in improvisation! 
R Lee improvised that part amazing 
Best scene of all time as far as I'm concerned.
number 22 is from Knocked Up not the 40 year old virgin
All the best scenes are unscripted ones.
I believe Joe Pesci wrote that scene himself, but it wasn't improvised.
If he messed that one up they'd have to find a new hospital!
this was great! 
R. Lee Ermey was surely a veteran.
I find your lack of Marlon Brando scenes disturbing.
A lot of Stanley Kubrick films up there :D
Good list, but you forgot one. Raiders of the Lost Ark. The guy Indiana Jones faces off against starts swinging his sword around. Harrison Ford wasn't feeling well and didn't particularly want to do the whole choreographed thing with the whip he was supposed to do. So Harrison went for the gun, fired, the guy fell down, they loved it, we loved it, and history was made.
parts of them were scripted and parts werent. for example he explained in the dark knight scene that the explosion was meant to be delayed but ledgers actions weren't scripted (the button pressing, ect.) in the clockwork orange the actions were likely scripted but the singing prob wasn't.
Yup, and somehow I don't think Woody Allen came up with the idea to sneeze into the coke on the fly...although he IS a comic genius.
Nevermind. Facepalm
What movie is 17 from?
Do I look funny to you?
As the video says, they WEREN'T scripted.
I think elements of the scenes weren't scripted. Like when joker stands and looks back, and tries pressing button, the body acting. In clockwork, he sang singing in the rain, I don't think that was the song meant for the scene. Some parts are scripted, but great actors add elements of themself.
Heath Ledg-end
IKR? "The Shinning" was MAD Magazine's parody name for the movie.
Such BS. So many of those were scripted.also number 21 was knocked up not 40 year old virgin. and the that scene in dark knight was scripted second for second. a stunt like that it has to be. too dangerous to not plan that out.The jaws one was scripted. the person who made it needs watch behind the scene stuff more often. in Midnight cowboy the director has said it was all scripted.Clockwork orange scene was scripted. all he does is sing and hit people. hits and stunts must be heavily rehearsed.
Where was the 'funny guy' speech from Goodfellas???
how do you actually know these are not supposed to be in the films? Just a thought. 
Thanks for the video. I really enjoyed it!
Marlon Brando's speech at the end of Apocalypse Now didn't make the cut? Whaaaa???
rutger hauer fucking IMPROVISED tears in the rain
agreed ,"Bladerunner", "tears in rain", great!, my favorite movie of all time, "Full Metal jacket" takes the Gold!, And "The Dark Knight", Heath Ledger (RIP), is superb!
You have the wrong moment from the Dark Knight. The best unscripted moment in the Dark Knight is when all of the cops in the police station start clapping for Gordon's promotion to Commissioner, after they stop, they hear clapping and see it's the Joker clapping in his jail cell. That was hands down one of my favorite unscripted moments ever because it gave such a dark film a much needed laugh, and it showed that the Joker didn't care that he was in jail, foreshadowing the Joker's great escape.
The Taxi scene was the best
"Like tears in rain" - such an incredible scene
It must have been in both then, because that scene was when they were on their way to see Cirque...oh well, it's funny!
Knocked Up, but the whole thing started in 40 Year Old Virgin...
Dark Knight one was not unscripted, come on man, everyone thinks so but it totally wasn't.
Almost certain it isnt, as its continued in steve carells gaming chair when they play mortal kombat. Unless they did it in both films.
Knocked Up
Dark Knight one was so awesome
Dark Knight one was so awesome
That are more likely to express themselves freely?
The Warriors quote is a classic.
does anyone knows where the music at the very beginning of the clip is from ? 
25 Greatest Unscripted Scenes in Films http://bit.ly/pQtIuu﻿
40 year old virgin.
"I bet your the kind of person that would fuck a guy in the ass and not even have the common courtesy to give him a reach around...." That is all time #1 in my book... :-))))))))))))))))
agreed.
Taylorboast is correct. The "what do you mean, I'm funny?" scene was not in the Goodfellas script. And that's one of the best scenes, period.
so thats why they say clockwork orange is so fucked up
Again, Kubrick was a genius. But, like quite a few other film geniuses, he often did things that were definitely a bit unacceptable in the name of a good film. Hell, the director of the original Exorcist film used to fire a gun during filming, randomly. He thought it kept people on their toes, regardless of how dangerous it was.
Are you kidding...? Kubrick was indeed a genius. He was also an asshole, who often went too far. This is well documented, and has been confirmed by actors he has worked with. Why do people get so offended by facts which they dislike?
oh, my, what a bunch of crap you wrote here! Kubrick wasn't a nut, he was a genius, he did push actors to the extreme to get what he wanted, but he sure as hell didn't hurt them. So, no, that wasn't tabasco sauce, those were eye drops - why would they wanna put tabasco in his eyes, are you crazy? And yes, his cornea got scratched, cause he started to panic and wanted to get out of the straightjacket - after that, they stopped shooting that scene...
EVERY marlon brando line in "apocalypse now" was improvised how is that not in there?
Several lines from Kubrick movies... surprises me
You should have added the scene from "Platoon" where the soldiers are smoking marijuana. Oliver stone wanted it to be as real as possible so all the actors are in fact smoking real marijuana, and because they were all stoned they couldn't really follow the script, so several lines were improvised.
SGRock94, "the 40 yr old virgin came first" hehehe
Improvising is great, especially when awesome actors do it :-)25 Greatest Unscripted Scenes in Films(description of the scenes is in the youtube annotations, so keep it turned on)http://youtu.be/cTFQBHBeleE﻿
Improvising is great, especially when awesome actors do it :-)25 Greatest Unscripted Scenes in Films(description of the scenes is in the youtube annotations, so keep it turned on)http://youtu.be/cTFQBHBeleE﻿
He also forced Malcom to have his character, Alex, have a pet snake, knowing that Malcom McDowell is terrified of them. (By the way, the doctor putting the tabasco on his eyes was actually a REAL doctor. He put them there himself to ensure that he didn't go blind.) 
Kubrick was also notoriously nuts. One of the most well-known "nuts" episodes is the scene in Clockwork Orange in which Malcom has his eyes held open, forced to watch rape scenes. His cornea actually got scratched so badly that he wanted to stop filming. Kubrick wouldn't let him. The stuff that is being dropped into his eyes, as if they were eye drops? Tabasco sauce. He would make actors and actresses preform the same simple, moments long scenes for days.
^^ In a word, yes.
That movie is fucking amazing. 
First, the "Think fast" line from Being John Malkovich was rehearsed. Its on the Criterion Blu-ray and DVD. Secondly, the line "tears in rain" was not improvised. Hauer wrote the whole speech himself and ran it past Ridley Scott before shooting, and Ridley OK'd it. This is explained many places, including the Blu-ray extras.
I cant believe they didn't include the scene from the beginning of Apocalypse Now where Martin Sheen punches the mirror in the hotel room... Coppola just gave him an "act crazy" direction and Sheen was celebrating his 36th B-day so he was wasted drunk...that blood is the real deal, he ended up in the hospital after they rolled, had a minor heart attack too... 
i dont understand how in a clockwork orange he sings that song which is "unscripted", then later on it ends up getting him caught when hes singing in that guys house again..would they have to change the script?
the bit where the Joker claps in the police cell was unscripted too!
That bit in The Dark Knight was real? Woah!
Very good...I shall scour the end of Netflix so I can watch each and every one of these films....
most anooying sound in the rold eh? its funny how that line shows up in a whoe lotta Gmod videos
last one BWAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAH *it insults texans but that is geunianly funny*
No it is 40 year old virgin just the same actor from knocked up
Hah, the "game over man" line is classic too.
I love Full Metal Jacket so much...xD
It's supposed to emulate Marine Corps boot camp, and if you laugh in boot camp, you pretty much got your ass whooped. Drill Instructors say that kind of shit all of the time too just to try and fuck with you.
Quality video.
I didn't think I could like some of these movies, any more than I already do But now that I know that some of the most memorable parts of them were completely impromptu I love them even more. Except Empire Strikes Back, I knew that one was improvised. Harrison Ford is just that much of a badass.
Harvey Lee was not an actor, he was a real drill instructor. He has his own show now
''5'9''? I didn't know they stack shit that high.''
If the Full Metal Jacket bit was all improvised, I'm surprised the soldiers all didn't start laughing! :P
Yeah it is. It's the scene when they are driving to the Cirque de Soleil event and they eat shrooms before they go.
GAME OVER MAN, GAME OVER!
*#6 is one of my favorite all time scenes - a couple of my other favorite movies are here:*﻿
oh shit warriors come out to play is where diddy got that line for that song with ll cool j biggie and craig mack...forgot the name lol damn..diddy's been jacking other ppl';s shit for a long ass time..even his adlibs are sampled..lol..
LMFAO #22 they had the same argument in 40 year old virgin
Not bad, and lovely line from Blade Runner. Blade Runner sequel is coming soon, deal with it.
Awesome!﻿
Danny, you're a young man! Don't do it! I love that movie.
If it's in knocked up, then it's in both, but 40 year old virgin came first 
Lol. No. 
this is not scenes is lines...
25 Greatest Unscripted scenes in films﻿
"Give me your fucking keys, you cocksucker, what the fuck!" OMFG, I laughed so hard I got cancer!
Isn't 22 Knocked Up, and NOT 40 year old virgin.
That was lovely.
I bet your the kind of person to fuck a guy in the ass and not even have the common curtesy to give him a reach aorund!
you sure that anything in kubricks movies was not skripted
holy shit i didnt know the whole story from saving private ryan was improvised
Hahaha.. TDK Joker scene is amazing..
Check out my videos and my website to learn how to....... check it out! @richtimesmedia MAKE MONEY ONLINE!
it was entertaining enough to watch the whole video through. thats more than i can say about my videos. 
I don't get it, Why Knocked up is on unscripted? It sound like scripted scene.
Wasn't "Here's Johnny" inspired by Bergman?
I don't believe most of these were unscripted. Can you provide any evidence? The one I do know was from Midnight Cowboy, because Rizzo breaks character completely in his voice.
"and you dont look like much of a steer to me, so that kinda narrows it down!" gotta love the gunny!
@cryocore make your own then asshole
R. Lee Ermey
What about the "You think I'm funny?" Scene from Goodfellas, that was all improvised
Where's Anchorman?
Jesus you're an idiot. ALL of the Indiana Jones films were directed by Spielberg you moronic sack of retardation. Seriously wtf?!? 
Great list, i think no matter what you have on the list, R Lee Ermey's scenes beat all of the them.
Oh, I know. Wikipedia is definitely not the most reliable of sources, but it's easy to look up and quote, aha. It would be my own bad if I were proved wrong. But yeah, I heard that too! No matter who thought it up, it's still one of my favorite scenes. :D
Get your facts but god help us if we rely on Wikipedia alone for them. And I saw in a documentary or read in a book that Harrison was supposed to have this long drawn out fight with the bad dude but he did felt horrible with a cold or flu and one of them F or S said "use the gun" Seems like something HF would come up with.
Wrong 22. Is called Knocked up.
Orson Welles's improvised cuckoo clock speech in 'The Third Man' is also pretty epic. 
Where's the improvised scene where Indiana Jones shot the guy with the sword D: I heard what happened were on the lines of him getting sick, and not being able to do one scene properly many times, and ended up just taking the fake gun and shooting a blank- and all the actors responded accordingly. I would think that would be number one.
Quote Wikipedia. "Raiders of the Lost Ark (retitled Indiana Jones and the Raiders of the Lost Ark in 1999) is a 1981 American action-adventure film directed by Steven Spielberg, produced by George Lucas, and starring Harrison Ford." Get your facts straight before starting an argument, please ^^;
You're tragically, embarrassingly, and absolutely wrong.
It wasn't improvised on camera. It was discussed ahead of time on the day of shooting when he was too ill to do the choreographed fight scene. All of these scenes were improvised on camera.
"Here's looking at you kid" was improvised during the Paris flashbacks, but was added to the end of the script in order to tie it back to Rick and Ilsa's relationship.
What it would be of art without improvisation?..
All brilliant. The only one I'd add would be the dance by Christian Bale during the "Hip to Be Square" scene of American Psycho.
Lo maximo..!!﻿
Spielberg directed the Indy series 
Loved it too! It's mad, but ingeniously written as a story. 
why is "knocked up" called "40 year old virgin" the funny thing being they are movies about completely opposite things...
i was pissing myself during the "gimme the keys" part
"Like tears in the rain" was fucking amazing..
Pretty amazing, iconic lines that were improvished. I remember almost all of these.﻿
A Clockwork Orange. Such a brilliant movie
Only because the fight was scripted, and ford got diarrhea.
You forgot the entire movie Iron Man. Look it up 
Did you even watch the video? 
You mean the internet lied to me? Never! Ah well, great video tho!
It was because he had a cold that day. Lol
It was because he had a cold that day. Lol
but he still improvised it when it was being shot, the script had "i love you too" 
25 Great unscripted Scenes﻿
RIP Heath Ledger
What does it tell huh?
haha the story from good will hunting was really funny aeueauhea
you're right somewhat, but most of these are all one takes. Mainly the one shot bits such as the Dark Knight or Midnight Cowboy. but even those multiple cameras scenes are still fully improved. i'm pretty sure the Full Metal Jacket was just R Lee screaming whatever came to mind and had next to no continuity between takes. As for the Dumb and Dumber scene, look at Jeff Daniels. They used the first take, obviously, then used a quick shot to the guy annoyed. 
i have done camera work for like 6 movies buddy, most films have at least 3 cameras. hell, even a lot of TV shows use multiple cameras
So all the people doing the improvising were men? I don't know if this tells us something about something.
The scene where Indiana Jones shoots the guy with the sword isn't in the script. If I remember right, the water was bad, so Harrison Ford shot the guy so he could use the restroom.
Thanks for the quick reply. *manly bro embrace* XD
﻿
A Clockwork Orange
What movie is 4:59. (forgive me if its a stupid question)
why is the "On the Waterfront" glove scene not on the list?
I lol'd at 2:10 Benicio Del Toro was hilarious
﻿
He was also the green army man leader in toy story :).
2:30 I thought that was a woman until I saw the movie.
Young Frankenstein - Gene Hackman "Where are you going? I was going to make espresso..."
No shit? I didn't know that. Kinda cool to know.
BULLSHIT I BET YOU CAN SUCK A BOWLING BALL FROM A SEWER PIPE
Where's day of the dead (chock on em)
The example that demonstrates my point best is the Dumb and Dumber clip. None of these films use multiple cameras (that's a sitcom trick. movies almost never have multiple cameras). The dumb and dumber clip has 3 setups on a moving car. That has to be meticulously planned. It still may not have been in the script. It's possible Jim Carrey did it the first setup and then they had him do it again and again in the other setups.
There's another really good one from Dumb and Dumber:WE LANDED ON THE MOON!!! Is unscripted as well. Of course Jim Carrey is amazing at improv sooo
should of' heard his audition :P ''WHERE YOU FROM SIR?'' ''Texas.'' ''WELL ONLY 2 THINGS COMES OUT OF TEXAS, AND THATS QUEERS AND STEERS, AND I DONT SEE ANY HORNS ON YOU BOY!!''
He was an actual drill sergeant so it was probably stuff he has said a million times before.
Some fantastic line which were *not* in the script. ﻿
what about freddy krueger in elm street 3 "welcome to prime time bitch!"
"game over" from Aliens is one of my favorite movie moments.
The 'Full metal jacket' stuff was improv? Holy shit that guy is good.
very good point sir 
Actually when a scene is shot from multiple angles, all the cameras are filming through the scene, so if the actor improvises they can cut into any angle they were filming with. Which in most cases is multiple angles.
its weird how they have the scene you know how i know you're gay in this but not the original from the 40 year old virgin
You realize when there are multiple camera angles, the scene isn't improvised, right? A single line, maybe. But more likely, the scene was "developed" on set. An actor has an idea, runs it by the director, then they shoot it that way. Improvised scenes don't work well if you want to edit it and cut between the different actors. 
What? No mention of the Indiana Jones one where Harrison Ford, after learning a long fight sequence, just pulls out his gun and shoots the guy with sword? Thought that should've been there.
All of Ronald's dialog was probably experience
2:00 "Gimme the fuckin keys you fuckin cocksucker motherfuckaaaaaaaaaa!" LMFAO! :L
 Kubrick has a reputation of extremely anal about actors following the script and gets more than a little miffed when actors improvise or even use a different word in a sentence. Kubrick had lines for the scenes with Sgt. Hartman but R. Lee. Ermey walked in, said "fuck dat shit" and went balls out. Kubrick was so blown away he was allowed to do pretty much anything he wanted so long as it followed the original script. Moral of the story: even powerful directors don't dare to screw with Ermey.
I'm surprised the scene from The Dark Knight when the Joker was clapping wasn't in here. Heath came up with that without even telling anyone. Nolan told them to keep filming and it made it to the final cut, but I guess you already had something from that movie.
holy shit, I actually left the annotations on and it actually was worth it. now if we can convince the other 1000000 assholes to do the same with their annotations.
You talking to me?
The part where Sean Connery slaps Harrison Ford on Indiana Jones is not scripted..You should have added that scene :'(
It takes balls to make an improvisation, and these guys nailed it, bravo
I'm singin in the rain...﻿
No Cuckoo Clock speech from The Third Man? That's the best improvised dialog scene, as well as one of the most famous, in cinema history!
It turns out that some of my favorite movie lines were unscripted.  I gues that is what separates good actors from great actors.  I'm assuming the guy that posted this video did good research.  If not it was still fun watching the scenes. 25 Greatest Unscripted Scenes in Films﻿
It's cool that some of the best lines in great movies were improvised. ﻿
Oh COME ON. The "I know" line is one of the most famous in Star Wars (besides "Luke, I am your Father!" and others), especially seeing as it was not scripted.
0:35 is from Knocked Up, not 40 year old Virgin. the 40 year old virgin "you know how i know youre gay" scene is in front of a TV
I heard that King Kong really slipped and fell off the Empire State building so they left it in...... 
*"Like tears in the rain..."*Comment imaginer maintenant que ça ait pu être de l'improvisation ?﻿
Ou seja, as melhores cenas do cinema são improvisações!
"You don't understand. I coulda had class. I coulda been a contender..." ...how is this not in here? "I know" from star wars is? lol
25 best unscripted movie scenes of all time.﻿
The whole dialogies of the instructor were, afaik. He used to be a real Marine Drill Sargeant and was hired to show how an actor would've been supposed to talk, but then he started cursing for about 10 minutes without repeating himself once :)
HAVE to watch The Warriors now.
Excellent =D﻿
This vid is too money
Gear video, I didnt even knew Full Metal Jacket part was improvised!
#22 was Knocked Up not 40 year old virgin 
A scene as good as that in the Dark knight has to be improv.
Your forgot Bruce Willis' lines in Armageddon, I'm pretty surer there were two times he improved his way through key scenes.
In The Shining, that girl was screaming like she had a spasm....
I liked it.
Wow, Han Solo's legendary "I know" wasn't scripted? Just kidding, I actually knew that. you let good actors do their thing. It helps your movie if they participate as more than people you order around.
HEY MALKOVICH THINK FAST!
HEY MALKOVICH THINK FAST!
where is the "i'll be back" line? 
The "improvised dialogue" in Full Metal Jacket was not actually improvised on the spot. Although R. Lee Ermey worked without a script he said the same things he (and every other DI) had said every day as part of their job on Paris Island where Ermey had been an USMC drill Sargent.
Full metal jacket FTW!!!
"Game over man, game over" was improvised? Jesus that actor is fucking awesome.
Number 22 is not what is says, it's Knocked Up.
When a man is having sex with another man and he 'reaches around' to, well, pleasure him. 'I bet you're the kind of guy that would fuck a person in the ass and not even have the goddamn common courtesy to give him a reach-around.'
Hoffman all the way!
Game over, man. Game over was improvised?! My life is a lie. I love it.
what about when Simba sings "can't wait to be king" in The Lion King????! Iconic 
"FUCK A MAN IN THE ASS AND NOT EVEN GIVE HIM A REACH AROUND!" never saw that one comin
Like a BASH!
Which falls under the umbrella of "sick."
Actually, you will find that in The Dark Knight the explosions stalled and since they only had the one chance to get it all on film; Heath improvised and this was the result. It's on the dvd if you need proof.
BULLSHIT! I BET YOU CAN SUCK A GOLFBALL THROUGH A GARDEN HOSE!
The heath Ledger scene was priceless, damm awesome.
it must have been easy for Gunnery Sgt. Ermy because he was a real drill instructor lol
O.O are...are you serious? i can't believe you left out the scene from aliens where their having lunch, although the baby popping was scripted the whole crews reaction was real because they had no idea what was doing on...
original music for films! Blame it on the moon Blame it on the drugs Maybe we could fall in love again Maybe we could fall in love with ourselves
curb your enthusiasm? 
GAME OVER!
Actually he was constipated.
Number one is wrong, It is Kevin Sorbo: "DISAPOINTED!" in Hercules
Agreed!
I find it great that almost all of my favorite scenes are improvised or unscripted I think that is just amazing
I find it great that almost all of my favorite scenes are improvised or unscripted I think that is just amazing
It's when a guy is sucking anothers dick and "reaches around" and sticks his finger in the other guy's pooper.
"I love you." - "I know." WTF that was unscripted? Legendary. 
Here's Johnny wasn't scripted? HOLY SHIT! It was pure genius...
kpmailman, that's DISGUSTING! Why would you try to fool TheOKAY with such nonsense?!?
reach around 
5:38 is even creepier knowing that it was improvised...
Chris Hemsworth (Thor) & Tom Hiddleston (Loki) read from the script for Thor's banishment from Asgard. Anthony Hopkins (Odin) knew what was going to happen but not what he was going to say. Kenneth Branagh (director) told him to make it up as he went along. Chris and Tom had no idea what was going to come out of his mouth.
At about 45 seconds in that ain't 40-year old virgin, that's Knocked up! Get it straight!
The most famous line in Jaws wasn't scripted?! Wtc?!
I find it hard to believe you're so stupid that you cant wrap your head around the concept of this video. You cannot be this retarded, are you?
really? i didnt see it D:
dude hannibal was unscripted!!!! I KNEW IT!!!!
Good watch... Hannibal Lector was crazy...﻿
I fond this on reddit
He did but it was because he had been sick that he said that
these are great..﻿
Heath Ledger's clapping in jail in Dark Knight was also unscripted.
I thought it was originally scripted that there would be a long fight between the two. But Harrison went up to Steven and said "Why don't I just shoot him?" So they changed it to that. That's what it said on the DVD commentary anyway! :)
All memorable 25 Greatest Unscripted Scenes in Films﻿
The best improvised/unscripted scene was the kiss/ inaudible whisper scene at the end of "Lost in Translation". Damn, that was great...
this was uploaded in 2011
You should have added the scene from Alien when the Alien first bursts out of one of the crew members chest. Sigourney Weaver said that all it said in the script for that scene was "Creature Emerges." So basically no one knew what the hell was gonna happen. The looks on the crew faces are the actually reactions of all the actors during the movie. If I remember correctly, one of the actors passed out and had to be taking to the ER but it was obviously edited from the movie. lol 
A buddy of mine was in the Marines, mid-90s. He said an entire generation of DIs learned by watching FMJ. He went on to be a Staff Sergeant, didn't do the DI thing though.
Can't tell if you're joking or not, ThePynalo. TheOKAY, it's supposed to be when two men are having sex, the one in back reaches around the front and grabs the front man's junk.
A few good men had some great improvised scenes. 
A reach around is when, while having sex with another man, you "reach around" behind you and grab a beer. It's considered extremely rude not to offer your partner a "reach around" as well. Or at least as sip of yours.
My understanding is he was only there to help the actor seem more like a drill instructor, but they liked R Lee so much they just used him instead
The Dark Knight scene WAS scripted; unfortunately there were technical difficulties. The explosion of the hospital wasn't supposed to stop, so when it did Ledger made something up on the spot.
This is an awesome list of the 25 Top Unscripted Scenes in Movie History﻿
"Danny, you're a young man, don't do it! 
Chadaddy, the explosion pauses for a sec. That wasn't suppose to happen. Technical fuck up.
Pretty sure dark knight scene was scripted, seeing as they blew up a whole building...
0:40 pretty sure its knocked up, great vid btw
TOO QUIET!!! We seriously need some kind of digital volume leveling standard. Every video I see on YouTube requires me to constantly crank my volume up or down. Currently, I have all of my volume settings on the highest level, and I can barely hear anything in these clips/ At the same time, I have to turn the volume all the way down before clicking on any other videos for fear of my speakers being blown.... 
what about bender's joke in the breakfast club when he's crawling through the ceiling?
Watch inside the actors studio with Steven Spielberg, he talks about it.
Ah, good one to point out, but that really wasn't actor improvision, that was more along the lines of Speilberg and some others on the set, I think Speilbergs camera man suggested it.
What about Men in Black III?
i like how your explanations are just telling us how the lines are improvised. at least thats all i'm seeing 
What about Lord Voldemort hugging Draco Malfoy in Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows part two?
this is homophobic
What about the scene in an Indiana Jones film (possibly raiders) when he shot the swordsman because he was feeling sick on the day of shooting?
What about the scene from Tropic Thunder, where RD Jr. realises his 'true self' with Ben Stiller also there? That is all improvised
HEATH LEDGER FTW!
I had no idea that the famous line from Casablanca was improvised.
It's amazing how many iconic lines from the movies are improvised.http://youtu.be/cTFQBHBeleE﻿
Thats "Knocked Up" when they are going to Vegas
RIP Eddie Murphy
RIP Eddie Murphy
That's definitely Knocked Up.
Definitely Knocked Up... They go to see Celine Dion in Vegas in Knocked Up, not 40 year old virgin
Seth Rogen has a mustache on 40 Year Old Virgin.
Nope. That is definitely 40 Year Old Virgin
I really think lot of the times some of the best things come when youre just being free with it ... it is pretty amazing though
22 isn't 40 year old virgin, it's "Knocked Up"
Sweet.﻿
It's probably why she looked back at him, speechless, like, "What in the fuck did you just say? Shit, did I forget something from the script? Okay, okay, just put on the tiniest smile, then everything will be better."
...........it says literally 7 seconds before that.
22. wtf thats not 40 year old virgin thats knocked up
Quite a lot of Kubrick on this list.
hahaha the most annoying sound scene is one of my favourites.
LOL #23 had me dying
god, I love sgt. hartman. certainly deserved the first place.
"you are so gay that you probably could suck a golfball through a garden hose"
But I fully commend Full Metal Jacket getting #1. It is the greatest improvisation simply because of how goddamn funny it it.
BLADE RUNNER GOT 6? DAMN YOU ALL TO HELL!
The Dumb and Dumber "We landed on the moon!" line was improvised as well.
heres looking at you kid was improvised? thats gotta be one of my favorite movie lines
You're apparently unaware of how simultaneously clever and normal Woody Allen actually is.
MATTT DAAAEEMONN
OH MY GOD NUMBER 20????????/ I LOVE THAT ACTOR SO MUCH
Fun Fact: Kubrick didn't know what a reach around was. He had to stop the scene and ask. After being told he couldn't stop laughing. True Story
Matt Damon learned from Robin Williams.
That was fantastic
#22 Is NOT 22 Year Old Virgin, its Knocked Up
I see him and his little asian family at Red Lobster in Palmdale California all the time :)
Also on 24, they let him do whatever he wanted to in that scene, they just let him go free pretty much from what I've heard
The Annie Hall part wasn't in the script? There's no way the sneeze could've been real, though. It was way too clever and way too normal for a movie to actually have been all by accident, heh.
DAVID TENNANT!!!!
warriors. damn
acting aint easy!﻿
@AdosEgral what? That's the 40 year old virgin. You're DEAD wrong.
I don't watch a lot of good movies, but I remembered about half of those movies and those scenes and I was amazed!
Damn i love Full Metal Jacket
you should see more than a few scenes. It's not all violence at all. you have a very false idea about the movie. maybe you should watch it.
If you're into film pretty much any Stanely Kubrick work should be on your list.
Wotanraven you are DEAD wrong. It's Knocked Up.
The Star Wars line was supposed to be "I love you too", but Harrison Ford changed it to "I know" at the last second.
... that's as if I said I saw a few of the action scenes in The Dark Knight and thus concluded that it's an orgy of violence, that "I [now] know the deal". A Clockwork Orange is a superb movie, with less violence than in most modern action films. The difference is that it's an intelligent film, and some of the violent scenes are more shocking (though less bloody). 
phantomlord? 
no john belushi in the lunchroom?
That is actually how he got the job. There was another actor to play that role and R. Lee was just a consultant. But he was so good they decided to just go with him.
hi
@4:06 ...The Shinning? =P
it's not all violence. Watch it and find out. 
Greatest improv of all time? The entire Iron Man movie. Seriously, nearly the whole movie was improved because the script wasn't ready!
This is quite entertaining﻿
The 4th one is Knocked Up not The 40 Year Old Virgin, but this was amazing! 
Half of them are scripted lines from the movies. The knocked up one wasn't even in the movie. It's an outtake.
Annotations on. Not Captions.
I love how all these lines that are improved are the most iconic 
Hahaha "you know how I know you're gay..." haven't heard that in forever.
True Romance scene with the cantaloupe is one of my favorites
40 year old virgin lol thats knocked up
It's amazing how these scenes are unintentional, but the movies are immediately recalled when someone reads out the scene (ie Here's Johhhhhny)
Watch Curb your enthusiasm. The actors are given a loose plot and script, the lines are completely improvised.
that's because they're so human, so "unscripted", they resonate with our hearts and minds
haha excellent video :D
22 is actually Knocked Up, not 40yr old virgin. The "you know how I know you're gay?" thing actually did start in Virgin though.
r lee is my hero
LOVE # 10
tears in rain. tears in rain. the error in the annotation will be lost in time, like tears in rain/
niiiiiiice lol
the other actors in the scenes do a good job too. they are hearing lines that were not in the script, staying in character and coming up with on the spot reactions. they should get some credit
I feel bad that I haven't seen all of these movies. Time to have a marathon!
GAME OVER MAN!! GAME OVER!!
taxi driver 
It's insane how some of the most iconic lines in history were just made up on the spot.
Bong toke. Di Nero. 
taxi driver
I was expecting to see the scene from Top Gun where Iceman coughs "Bullshit" when Maverick tells about his encounter with the MIG.
Its called Lemonparty. Google it.
"Like tears in the rain" sounds better.to me. IDK
indeed.
the movie at 5:19, what is the name of that one!? ive seen it many times but i cant remember it!!!
The opening scene in Apocalypse Now where Martin Sheen freaks out is not only unscripted, it was Martin Sheen legitimately waking up drunk. He just started to do some weird shit so the crew starting filming him. So all that blood streaks on the bed is actually his own blood from him punching the mirror in a drunken fit.
How did you miss Viggo Mortensen's helmet kick which accidently broke his toe!?!?
Yeah, I saw the video too.
first world problems...sheesh
goodfellas
this
#1 and 5 where the best
TIL he was an actual drill instructor!
"I know" has got to be up higher. Fucking perfect for Han Solo's character.
This was a great compilation, but I am so disappointed you left out Joe Pesci's "Whaddoya mean I'm funny?" scene from Goodfellas (or was it Casino?)
No captions on xbox or mobile. I have to get off the couch and go all the way to my PC. FML
Thanks for the Upload!! my eyes were just glued to the screen. now i have a list of movies to watch. 
I watched a video where a writer of blade runner told how they come up with the tears in the rain line, so i guess that wasn't an improvisation in the movie
R Lee was not an actor he was a drill instructor those line where from his years of experience on the field
warriors should have been like 2
The scene from Raiders of the Lost Arc when Indy shoots the swordsman is another good one they missed. That was originally going to be a larger fight scene, but Ford was sick at the time, so he suggested they just shoot the guy, which is the cut they ended up keeping.
No, he just suggested they did that instead. It wasn't improvised.
my favorite is heath ledger.... just so damn in character creepy
No Harrison Ford deciding to shoot the swordsman in Raiders of the Lost Ark, instead of the scripted fight scene?
Where is "funny guy" from good fellas
Where is "funny guy" from good fellas
was that improvised?
Video sucks doesn't include Harrison Ford shooting the Arab guy in Raiders >:[
Awesome. But you missed a big one. I expected Orson Welles' Cuckoo Clock speech in The Third Man to be number one. 
Sadly number 22 is from Knocked Up. You've probably heard this already. but there is also a scene like that in 40 Year Old Virgin
Actually, the hospital explosion stopping was a mistake, the explosions stopped early, so ledger's reaction was kinda genuine to wtf happened?
perhaps greatest line ever. 
Awful font choice. 
Well it kind of adds to Han Solo's whole character, instead of saying "I love you too" he just says "I know". Subtle but effective.
What a terrible font choice...
Understand there is a huge difference between improvised and unscripted.
YOU'RE*
I don't get the Star Wars one.
He didn't think. He literally just said something. They couldn't get the scene right because Solo saying "I love you too" just didn't work. So the director said "Just don't think. Just don't think. Action!" Hence "I know."
Of these movies, the only ones I've seen are Star Wars and The Dark Knight. Guess I'm missing out :(
horrible sound
In Good Morning Vietnam, Robin Williams improvised almost all of the comedy he broadcasted over the radio in the movie.
next time pick a harder font to read. also make its appearance a lot shorter. 
its funny when the unscripted quotes are said, the other actors dont know what to say
1:30 "game over man!" was unscripted? That's crazy I know people that say that all the time, it was even parodied in Galaxy Quest
If you do a freak segment - make sure to add me
harrison ford got number 11 with the line "i know"- probably took all his mind power to think of that
+Jason Grier +Erik Jensen I can't believe this many famous movie quotes were unscripted.﻿
you're forgetting that those movies blow dick and this video highlights good ones
I'm walkin' here...I'M WALKING HERE!!
Sometimes 'improvised' is the way actors get to add to the script. DeNiro is known to do it a lot. 
Ummm why is there nothing from any of the Christopher Guest movies? Those entire fucking movies were unscripted. Spinal Tap? Waiting for Guffman? Best in Show?
Most of these unscripted quotes ended up being icons of the movies and classic quotes...
Not at all, my man. It is frustrating when you know you're right and people say otherwise. But there was no argument. Peace out, man! :)
the whole pirates series was improvised by depp! 
I'm glad we've come to the righteous conclusion :) Sorry if I seemed a little agitated by this, I didn't mean to cause an argument of any sort! Have a swell day, my fellow YouTuber. 
I stand corrected. You are right, indeed. Just double checked and it is Knocked Up. Well played, my friend. Apologies for saying otherwise. :)
I'm sorry, but I know I am right. Paul Rudd (actor on the right) is wearing a suit. He never wears a suit in 40 Year Old Virgin. Plus, they mention a 4-hour ride, which is the ride to Las Vegas. The ride is spontaneous, as they are both having problems with their wives. I know why you'd think it's part of 40 Year Old Virgin, as the exchange of dialogue is identical to the scene in Andy's house.
No, it was 40 Year Old Virgin because in the out-takes when you see the full improvised bit, their playing the video games in gaming chair also in Andy's (Steve Carell) house.
What about half of Jack's lines in Pirates of the Carribian?
The Clockwork orange story is not correct. And i dont think it fits since it was a very well reharsed scene when they got down to shooting it. Nice list tough
"Holy dog shit, Texas!"
becuase they were unscripted eg Hannibals Lecter slurp
Number 22 was Knocked Up, not 40 Year Old Virgin..
good acting and quick thinking
"I'll bet your the kind guy who would fuck a man in the ass and not even have the god damn common courtesy to give him a reach around! I'll be watching you!" Best line in the world.
Just about every line and every movie here is famous. Time to start re-watching them too!
Because it is the famous ones that are the world's best films.
Like tears in rain... I want that whole line of dialogue on my headstone.
By GOD! Stanley Kubrick had a lot of Unscripted scenes in his movies
my favourite thing about that last FMJ clip is that kubrick didn't know what a reach-around was and had to have it explained to him by the actor.
improvvisazione in alcune delle più grandi scene che il cinema ricordi? perché no?﻿
I personally believe its the spontaneity of the human mind that brings out genius. 
I personally believe its the spontaneity of the human mind that brings out genius. 
Also did you know that scene in Full Metal Jacket was actually filmed over 60 times!
"I BET YOUR THE KIND OF GUY THAT WOULD FUCK A PERSON IN THE ASS AND NOT EVEN HAVE THE GOD DAMN COMMON COURTESY TO GIVE HIM A REACH AROUND!" Greatest line ever by him.
1:05-1:29 hahaha
THIS BLEW A FEW OF US AWAY..ahahah
So what?
whats with viggo mortensen (aragorn) breaking his toes when kicking a uruk-hai head away and turning the pain into a scream? that was pretty much... improvised
I believe you! I saw something on youtube, but I do think that ESB is a better source, so I stand corrected but happy :)
That's the point of the video, silly goose.
Where is the apple scene from Into The Wild?
Kubric did not generally like his actors improvising because he gave importance to the script much like the patron saint of cinema, Bresson. So if he let somebody improvise, that meant it must have been beyond excellent. There is a general consensus that actors should not improvise but like F.W Murnau said" Don't act; think."
If I recall correctly, from the commentary on ESB, "I love you too" was the original line, but when they realised it didn't work they came up with a bunch of different lines, none of which worked either. Ford came up with this line on the spot before that take.
What?? 3:30, Star Wars "I love you. I know" was scripted. I've seen a clip where they discussed the original where he answers "I love you too" but it didn't fit the character, so they changed it before the shot it.
unscripted does not mean improvised, you dumb beasts! 
Because the actors are so damn good, they act better without the script.
Dark Knight is soooooo good!
Bill Murray is a beautiful man
Woah woah woah. where was the Old Time Rock and Roll scene from Risky Business?
fmj was the best.
After years of living in Vincent Chase's shadow, Eric Murphy has come out to play-e-ayyyyy
DO YOU SUCK DICKS? Not a fan of subtlety :)
Because writers are literally nothing without the actors. 
Never knew that! haha
Also, R. Lee Ermey was just a badass. And an actual sergeant. 
was the 2nd explosion in the dark knight a mistake. If so that is epic
R.I.P. Ledger :'(
The Usual Suspects 
Whats the movie at 2:05 
because they're real
I wish the little scene in Fight Club where Edward Norton and Brad Pitt hit golf balls into the side of a truck was on there. They got drunk on set and did that, the director just had it recorded.
If I remember it right, the "here's looking at you kid" line from casablanca was said many times during the movie. Humphrey Bogart says the line when he's making a toast or something. It has been awhile since I saw the movie though...
I cant believe that R lee ermey actually voiced spongebob characters, haha
Probably because unscripted scenes create much more authentic acting :)
He has a wife, you know.
Because often times someone just claims it is improvised without others confirming it and often it seems made up to sound cool.
I can love it when you get good improvised scenes, though there's questions of course to how a director gets them. Good upload!
For number one the sergent says "HOW TALL ARE YOU PRIVATE!?" and the Private says "Five-foot-six Sir!" and the Sergent says "REALLY!? I DIDN'T KNOW THEY STACKED SHIT THAT HIGH!!!" To bad that was left out. Seems just a bit to good to be unscripted though. Maybe thats why it was left out.
Where's the 'Biggus Dickus' Scene?
You forgot about Jim Carreys "WELL CYA LATER". Funny as.
Wrong!!! That scene from Batman was scripted. Copy paste ----> The Dark Knight : Hospital Explosion ( uploaded by trailerhunters ) cheers! 
The greatest lines ever in movie history were unscripted. Awesome!
R. Lee. Ermey was also not originally supposed to play the role. he had a job off camera. Dissatisfied with the original actor's performance, Kubrick asked for anyone with military experience to show him how it was done. After Ermey's run of the scene, the original actor was promptly fired.
Just for anyone who doesn't know, the entire scene from Full Metal Jacket was not only improvised but shot continuously in one take. You might think well duh it was improvised so of course it was one take, but that's not always the case. Sometimes directors are pleased w/ what comes up & decide to add it in but also decide to shoot it a few times. It's no coincidence that a lot of the movies in this list were Kubrick movies. The man is pure genius & obviously brought out the light in his actors
RIP Kubrick
Stuck in the Middle With You by Stealers Wheel.
bill murray improvised all his lines in KINGPIN
Jim Carry. Man is CRAZY. Gotta love him. 
they seem more realistic, because they weren't memorized i think
they seem more realistic, because they weren't memorized i think
why are all the unscripted scenes... ...the famous ones?
The usual suspect's scene if from far the funniest ( FOR ME )
Game over man GAME OVER! That is such a well known saying, but no one knows where it's from anymore lol.
No he is correct. There is only one scene in 40-year old virgin where they make the "You know how I know your gay " jokes and that is in Steve Carell's apartment. In Knocked Up this was a deleted scene during their trip to Vegas. 
where is the caddyshack scene between chevy chase and bill murray in the shack? all totally improvised
Are you fucking stupid? That was not knocked up. That was 40-year-old virgin.
@didact salazar The song in that scene of reservoir dogs is called "stuck in the middle with you"
I love how it's the unscripted scenes in movies that are the most memorable.
Although I've now just read that Kubrick didn't know about the whole "but wouldn't have the courtesy to give a reach-around" line, but kept it anyway.
The film itself is mostly based on the Short Timers, not a majority of Emrey's dialogue. The insults in particular were mostly if not entirely made by Emrey but had to be accepted by Kubrick before filming.
Malcolm McDowell nails it.
The Full Metal Jacket dialogue was not improvised. Kubrick read "The Short-Timers" by Gustav Hasford and took everything from there. Check your facts.
I knew right away that Full Metal Jacket was gonna be #1 .. but I think in honor of Heath Ledger-- and how fucking funny that scene was .. It could have tied with #1
The most annoying sound in the world was an improv? Fuck yeah,that proves that Jim Carrey is a comedy genius :D
1:30 GAME OVER YEAAAAAA
Here's Johnny!! is the best movie quote ever... and it wasn't even scripted!!
"You talkin' to me?"
give me da fucking keys you cocksucker, what daa fuck XD LMFAO
My god that makes that legendary moment of storytelling even more incredible.
number 10 reservoir dogs or days. what is the song in the background called
4 Stanley Kubrick Films
What about the scene in Raiders of the Lost Ark where Indiana Jones shoots the guy with the sword? That was not originally scripted that way.
well the lines are from 40 year old virgin, the scene is definitely from knocked up when they went to vegas and did shrooms...confusing 
Mein Furer!!! I can walk!!
My fave was Dustin Hoffman and taxi one
Means it was not in the script. 
what does unscripted mean? it wasnt meant to happen
That was 40-Year-Old Virgin.
youtube was made 4 dubstep videos duh!
GIMME THE FUCKING KEYS YOU FUCKING COCK SUCKER MUTHER FUCKER AHLALALALA! had me dying of laughter XD 
20, 17, 7 and 3 are my favourites.
Ya, i was just saying. Its not like hes ever going to see my comment anyways so who really cares. But Ill remember that its instructor not serge in the future.
What about the "You think I'm funny?" scene from Goodfellas?
Aahh, I remember that warriors clip, one of my favourite most memorable things from any movie I've ever seen. It's very strange to find that it wasn't scipted!
its a drill INSTRUCTOR! not sarge or sergeant both are HUGE insults especially to someone who was a former Marine like R. Lee Ermey
Damn i wanted to see more of the drill Sarge. from full metal jacket!
Wow most of these lines are the most memorable to me, "its game over man its game over" are you kidding me? ive made so many people laugh by saying that line in the right situation. And heath ledger (joker) acting funny like that as unscripted is absolutely brilliant!!!
Videos?
That "I know" scene is videly known to be improvised. In the script Harrison was supposed to say "I love you too" but he thought Han Solo wouldn't say that. All of these scenes were great. I can't help but thinking that improvisation made this scenes so memorable.
5:20
Damn I couldnt believe number 1 was unscripted 
Lol, Alvin the Chipmunk quoted two of these lines!!
GAME OVER, MAN!! GAME OVER!! Apparently Bill Paxton's Hudson was pretty much completely improvised!!
isnt 22 'knocked up' not 40yearoldvirgin? 
I have to say the only one I really knew was improvised was the Joker scene but that was because it seemed like the explosions hadn't worked so he was like, "Why hasn't it exploded yet?" And when it did, it really scared him.
I had respect for Lee Ermey before I saw this. Now afterwards... Holy shit. I mean, really?
Dustin Hoffman's a legend x)
Dustin Hoffman's a legend x)
Love it.﻿
Not entirely. Only the kids didn't know it was going to happen, so their terrified reactions were all genuine.
Man, I loved The Shinning.
no, silly! the subtitle says 40-year old virgin!
oh maan! these outtakes are gold! so lucky they had the cameras rolling for these, hey?
"Game over man" wasn't the only improv line in Aliens. One of the most well known lines in the movie was also improv. In the scene on the ship when Ripley comes out of the cargo hold in the loader ready to face the queen in mortal combat... "Get away from her you BITCH!"
i really like the good will hunting bit, when the camera goes on matt damon laughing the whole pic shakes cos the cameraman was laughing too, which i thought was pretty cool :)
No "I drink your milkshake"? And no GoodFellas "how am I funny"?
possibly the most famous line in cinema history was NOT scripted. Here is looking at you kid. WOW
Antony Hopkins... fucking legendary hiss
That was not 40-year-old virgin....that was Knocked Up. 
actually he was just hired for consultation at first but he was so much better at it that they used him instead of the actor they had cast for it. Then they just let him do his thing. 
Those were fun!﻿
The scene in Thor between Thor and Odin in the beginning was unscripted.
No me acuerdo si ya lo comparti, es buenisimo.﻿
1 is the best
No me acuerdo si ya lo comparti, es buenisimo.﻿
"Yippy-Ki-Yay, Mother Fucker" from the Die Hard movies was also an improvised line.
lol I was confused too, cause I'm like I've seen thsi...but I've never watched 40 year old virgin.
When a guy is fucking somebody in the ass and reaches around and jerks the receiver off or plays with her pussy (if a girl).
so, what actually is a "reach around" ? xD
Isn't 22 Knocked Up and not 40 year old virgin?
Going on about the brando white glove scene haha, they run through that scene in acting school and he didn't improvise the dialogue was his body language that makes that scene
Allegedly, the "tunnel of horror" scene in Willy Wonka and the Chocolate Factory was not actually in the script, so only Wilder knew what was coming. He improvised every line in that scene.
I heard that the recording cast started weeping, damn Rutger Hauer, portrayed that character so well, I've yet to read the novel though :(
Yes definitely true and superior to all those other improvisations. Well, maybe except for Lee Ermey in Full Metal Jacket
I heard that Rutger Hauer's entire monologue in that scene was improvised, not just that one line, is this true?
The scene where Superman flies around the Earth to turn back time was one of the best improvised scenes ever.
the most awkward unscripted one was @ 2:29
Matt Damon isn't a mongoloid?!
That last one was so funny. Great improv right there!
Spinal Tap? No? Really?
hold on "here's looking at you kid" happens throughout casablanca, did they decide to write that line in after he had improvised it once? 
Where the fuck is "funny how?" from Goodfellas D:
All you aspiring actors and actresses out there, here's what it takes to be a truly marvelous actor. It's not just following the script to a T, it's improvisation that triumphs over months of calibration made by professional scene writers.
impropmtu music number. its hard to beat that 
Omfg, the whole drill sergeant scene was unscripted? That is awesome, pure awesome. 
Marlon Brando, On the Waterfront, scene with the white glove in the playground.
"lost like tears in the rain" fucking poetry right there
pink mist.
How do directors work with this? Do most of them anticipate that actors are going to improvise some lines so they keep filming even if something unexpectant happened?
that malkovich one is fucking classic but you left out the hospital scene with martin and charlie sheen in wall st. though
Exactly where is the proof all of these were improv lines? Did I miss something?
Most of my drill sergeants in the Army really enjoyed repeating the "reach-around" line.
This is what YouTube was made for.
'Like tears in the Rain'. Still can't believe that line was improvised! Ridey Scott must of been like Woah! WTF!
Great job man!
3:20 retired scout and sniper.
That wasn't improvised. It was set up a special way, but not improvised.
That wasn't improvised. It was set up a special way, but not improvised.
Man these actors got real talent to improve scenes like that on the fly. Wow good stuff 
This video is amazing! I had no idea that pretty much all of the clips in this video were improv lines! Great research!
Dude what the fuck is Bill Murray talking about??? 
how about every single one of genie's lines in Aladdin? haha classic movie.
what about the how am i funny scene from goodfellas?
This gives me so much more respect for actors.
LMAO Heath is awesome
damn right, jack is a fucking legend.
The very first clip was planned. Not improv. He was an extra, but the director asked who had a good shot and he straight away put his hand up.
drill sergeant=army Drill Instructor= Marine Corps 
Dude watch The Shinning Behind the Scenes doc. Nicholson is best actor.
Rah Gunny. The only reason he got numbering is because being a Drill Instructor your taught to be as unpredictable as possible
thats knocked up not 40 year old virgin
the drill sergeant in full metal jacket was't at all scripted, pretty much all his lines were completely unscripted. During directing he was told to do what he did best, they used a real drill sergeant - hence why it works so damn well! The guy's a legend and totally deserved an oscar for his performance! 
The video thumbnail spoiled the #1 spot. Shame.
It's kind of funny that Stanley Kubrick, notorious as one of the great control freaks in film history, has 4 moments on this list. But that's how he worked: as he was letting Jack Nicholson do whatever he wanted on The Shining, for example, he was forcing Shelly Duvall and Scatman Crothers and the other actors to do dozens -- in some cases, upwards of 100 -- takes of a scene. Plus, in "Full Metal Jacket", he stopped filming to get R. Lee Ermey to explain to him what a "reach around" is.
Heath :'(
After Jim Carrey starts "the most annoying sound in the world", you can see Jeff Daniels start to laugh.
how do you know....?
I still find the Han Solo "I know" moment a classic.
no the tech fail was scripted.
I would have never noticed that
R Lee Ermey should have won a damn Oscar for that shit.
R Lee Ermey was a real drill sergeant, that why he played the part so well.
"Like tears in the rain" is a great line for that scene, couldn't imagine a better one
1:00 Good Will Hunting, if it hasn't been mentioned already, that shaking is the cameraman laughing
The Joker was unscripted there? it was a tech failure? and Heath pulled it off with such swag? DAMN!!!
we likes this
How were none of the radio broadcasts from Good Morning Vietnam not featured?! Robin Williams is such a legend, too! 
Where did you get the opening and ending music from? It sounds like Full Metal Jacket.
How can you not include Indiana Jones shooting the guy with the big sword?? Yeah, it wasn't improvised on the spot but they did decide to do it just before shooting the scene.
"25 Great Scenes in Film that actually were not scripted, but rather, improvised" There's a distinction between "unscripted" and "improvised". Not all of these are improvised, i.e. made up on the spot. For example, even though Matt Damon's story in Saving Private Ryan may not have been in the script, it's unlikely they told him just before rolling that he'd have to make it up. He probably spent a fair bit of time coming up with it and even practicing it in advance.
I'm sure there are tonnes of other unscripted lines worth mentioning too. Helps us to appreciate seasoned actors in their element. Thanks for uploading & also for the notes on each scene.
you forgot to include, James Dean's scene in East of Eden when he confronted his father. 
I don't believe any of them were unscripted. 
#25 is amazing
havent seen any of those, I knew the movies-well most- but I've never seen any of those
Wowwwww... They used the same joke in different movies, weird. Yeah, I have never seen the deleted scenes to Knocked Up (obviously lol)... That's really effing lame imo that they did that. But now I'm in the know. Thanks :) ...ya queer
Great video, thx. 
dude i didnt know the full metal jacket stuff was improvised knowing this now makes the movie alot better now
Don't you just love Matt Damon's sparkling white teeth in a war movie at 3:00 ?
Late entry 26 ezekiel pulp fiction
Here's Johnny....that was unscripted!? No way! *even more respect for Jack Nicholson*
i dont think he knows what you're talking about /b/ro
where is smokey and the bandit? Jackie Gleason almost improved that entire movie...
saving private ryan one was amazing 
BRILLIANT!
Great call...but was that scene scripted?
Great call...but was that scene scripted?
"Here's looking at you kid"... odd to say that was unscripted because he says that line throughout the ENTIRE FILM.... maybe not in the original script but to say it was unplanned would be silly.
usual suspects, del torros "what the fuck" line ... priceless
I can see you as the kind of guy he will fuck a guy in the ass and not even have the common curtisy to give him a reach around. What the hell man?!
i can se ure mistake but look closer its hoffman
at 1:33 it sounded like his idea was meant to be serious lol
No it's from Midnight Cowboy.
The Fugitive should have been on here: Tommy Lee Jones' response to Ford's "I didn't kill my wife!" was completely improvised. "I don't care!"
Umm that is Dustin Hoffman...
Only steers and queers come from Texas And you dont look like a steer. lol Epic
Robin Williams <3
gimmedakeyzyacocksucka....whaddafuuuuk....
On Full Metal Jacket Kubrick actually made a cut there and asked what a "reach-around" is. After that he decided not to remake the scene :D
wow, very interesting video! very cool to see that some of the most iconic and memorable scenes were actually unscripted, I bet the actors feel proud about that! thanks for putting this vid together!
at 3:02 ....... you can notice Tom Hanks looking at someone behind the camera he was like " do you want me to continue ? " you can notice a little nod after that 
Because it was Heath. He improvised a lot. 
For the Dark Knight, why would they want to have the explosions stop, without originally planning on that kind of a reaction from Heath. 
that was "knocked up" not the 40 year old virgin
I have to say I really enjoyed this video. I had to look up the full scenes to some and it's a great list. Peter Sellers' performance was great, thanks a lot! 
Number 22 is Knocked Up wtf?
The last one is too hilarious. I would have burst out laughing if I was being yelled at. I don't know how these actors keep a straight face.
Number 22 is knocked up not 40 year old virgin. Get it right before.
make a part 2 please!!! anyone else agree?
mewlists, you are a good man 
Everything in the Lord of the Rings that was improvised was all awesome as well.
this guy obviously like stanley kubrick
@aKnightInTunisia you know how i know your gay.....you think its from 40 year old virgin and you get your movies mixed up, ya queer
@superduperdurkadurk Sauce? Like Tartare or HP?
@thedukeofrosco Sauce, good sir. Then, message OP with sauce.
Sorry to be that guy but....Rutger Hauer did not improvise his part. He approached Ridley Scott with an ammended version of his lines from the script plus his own lines: "All those moments will be lost like tears in rain. Time to die." Rutger's ammendments make for one of cinemas most iconic moments. Cool post nevertheless though. Peace
The drill seargent from Full metal jacket is a work of art LMAO
I wonder how many takes it took for some of these cause some of those lines there is NO WAY you can't laugh especially if you didn't know it was coming lol
Wow,i can't believe that the legendary "Warriors,come out to play!!" was unscripted.
The Midnight Cowboy cab driver deserved an Oscar.
Where's Gary Oldman's scene from Leon: The Professional?
That was brilliant, thanks for the upload
@aKnightInTunisia /watch? v=VX0SD_cazhs #t=2m16s
@aKnightInTunisia watch?v=VX0SD_cazhs#t=2m16s
@aKnightInTunisia please know your movies if you are going to argue
love dustin hoffmans improvisation.
Cpp
Uncle Buck "Here's a quarter, go downtown and have a rat eat that mole off your face! Good day to you madam." was not in the script.
bill murray is a dope.sorry americans but it´s true
uhm, majority of this scenes were acually scripted.
@tomevo95 its knocked up. deleted scenes. the original ''do you know how I know your gay'' is from 40yr old but they used it in knocked up. they're on their way to Vegas
@lilsangy it is from 40 year old virgin
only 2 movies in this list I haven't seen
#6 the best scene EVER!!
#6 the best scene EVER!!
#5 - 4:30 That's the best improvise, imo, since he improvised with someone that wasn't supposed to be there. Plus, it looked very natural, very believable.
They should have had Apocalypse Now when they filmed Martin Sheen extremely drunk and smashing mirrors, this was then applied to the strat of the film when you see Willard go crazy! Unfortunately Mratin Sheen had to go to hospital and later he had a heart attack whilst making the film! 
Raiders of the Lost Ark should have been on here. Harrison Ford shooting the swordsman was hilarious!
@Mjbrooks194 R Lee Ermey was actually hired to be the consultant for the actual actor that was to play his character. Ermey tried to teach the actor how to shout insults like him. The execs basically said " fuck it, let's just use the guy who already knows." And so Ermey got the job.
2:32 made me laugh so hard I choked on my water lol
Good stuff!
Man, some of the funniest freaking people I've ever met were drill sergeants. You really have to be able to think on your feet with the creative insulting to be good at it.
@lilsangy think it was a reference to 40 year old virgin though...cos they do something exactly like it in 40 year old virgin
Fight Club "First one to come out this door gets a....gets a LEAD SALAD, understand!"
Your No Long black, or brown or yello or red, you are now green, light gree, or dark green, DO YOU UNDERSTAND? SUOFIRT! sir yes sir ARE YOU THE MAGGOTS FATHER WHO SERVED IN VIETNAM sir yes sir OUTSANDING, DID HE HAVE THE BALLS TO DIE THERE sir no sir TOO FUCKING BAD, DID HE EVER TALKED ABOUT IT? sir no sir GOOD BECOUSE HE WASN`T LIEING! ARE YOU EYEBALLING ME WITH THOSE BABY BLUES? ARE YOU? sir no sir ARE YOU IN LOVE WITH ME SUOFIRT? sir no sir 
wow some of the greatest movie lines ever bigger boat, here's johnny, heres looking at you, i'm walkin' here, you talkin' to me... i had no idea
Wow, the drill instructor's improv is pretty amazing.
hahaha Heath Ledger is so funny!
great list man
@Mjbrooks194 I'd like to point out that he was NOT a drill sergeant. He was a drill instructor. Drill sergeants are in the army.
I'm not questioning the veracity of this list, I'm just wondering how you know these are unscripted? Great top 25 btw
you should have put the "we landed on the moon" line from dumb n dumber in the list. either way, thanks for making this!
Where's almost every scene from Goodfellas? 
usual suspects line up... in english please :))) 
Neat. I only knew about the Full Metal Jacket one from the commentary.
great upload, respect! 8-) 
#20 should be the best scene
Hoffman, and the lads in The Usual Suspects steal the show.
25 Greatest Unscripted Scenes in Films - http://youtu.be/cTFQBHBeleE﻿
@WhatIAm99 Or seven, sorry
Anyone else notice number nine was titled 'The Shinning"? "Shh! You wanna get sued?"
I thought that the in the dark knight, the explosion went wrong and that when he got scared, it was legit scared?
A clockwork orange ftw!
im surprised some of these lines were unscripted
R Lee Ermey used to be a drill sergeant so he was already good at screaming the insults.
You forgot Daryl Hannahs Freakout in Kill Bill Vol. 2 when she loses her second eye. That was unscripted and brilliant too! 
this is so awesome! 
My #1 winner: Rutger Hauer's character Batty, on the rooftop, in the rain, saying: "I've seen things you people wouldn't believe. Attack ships on fire off the shoulder of Orion. I watched C-beams glitter in the dark near the Tannhauser gate. All those moments will be lost in time... like tears in rain... Time to die.".. one of the most moving moments in movie-scifi I've ever seen.. incredible, and to think that it wasn't even scripted.. the man is an artist!
Haha I had no idea some of these were unscripted. Awesome.﻿
Very fun to watch, good list!
HERES JONNY was unscripted?!
25 Greatest Unscripted Scenes in Films﻿
pUL nEWMAN to his murdering son. "i curse the day you were born" from ROAD TO PERDITIN
@SurfieInACT His very presence in the movie is unscripted lol... Kubrik originally brought him on as a military consultant. When he was coaching the actor originally cast to be the drill instructor, Kubrik liked Ermey's performance so much he cast him instead. (Ermey was in fact in the Marine Corps, but he was never a drill instructor.)
@petrietri I guess that didn't qualify since this list is all about unscripted DIALOGUE. But as unscripted scenes go, that should be up there.
22 was from knocked up not 40 year old virgin
about the casablanca line, it was scripted as "here's looking at you." Humphery Bogart added "kid" making the line unforgettable. 
must .. have .. more.. freaking awesome video!!
Amazing. Thanks for putting that together. I think it would of been pretty scary with R Lee Emery all up in my grill, I would of been too shit-scarred to laugh! LoL
Last scene i don´t think i could hold in the laugh :) 
Its Michael Madsen, not Madisen 
You forgot the scene in Raiders of the lost arc when Indie shoots the guy with the sword
Amazing! How can you tell they are all improvised? 
Personally I think the shooting the cat scene from Boondock Saints..
Personally I think the shooting the cat scene from Boondock Saints..
@metro95 With respect, you are right, but to a point. You are correct that the line was scripted. However, the actor came up with the bottle idea and it was left it in the movie. Source - director's commentary on the DVD. The improvisation is the bottles, not the words as you correctly point out.
Holy fuck, I can only imagine how hard it would be to hold character in any of these situations...
Aw, I thought you were going to mention Gary Oldman's improvisation in Leon, where he starts talking about Beethoven. 
has anyone recognised the similarities between Halo and Aliens including the quote from 19?
Why does the music sound like its from there will be blood, but then no quote from it!? I drink your milkshake! Should have been here
jesus christ that robin williams with his farting wife soo fucking funny lolololo
the usual suspects?? i dont remember that scene hmmmnnnn
The warriors was scripted... if you look up the script and screen play it's in both. You can even hear the director tell him to start saying it in the original copies
first one is so funnyyyy lmfaoo
shoulda put emile hirsch for the girl next door when he dropped the cigar in the strip club
I couldnt imagine A Clockwork Orange without "Singin in the Rain" or The Shining without "Heres Johnny!" and the most famous line ever "You Talkin To Me?" Thanks to all these genious actors
@Aurongel I Could not Imagine Blade Runner without the line "Like Tears...in the rain"
Great video, Blade Runner's got to be my favorite one of the 25 here. Also, "WAAARIOOORS COME OUT TO PLAY-I-AEEE!" is pretty amazing.
84 people are from Texas
Matt Damon is over rated. Sorry to his fans. "How you like d'em apples?" (good line though)
@beanchuuu well, if what you're saying is true, I no longer like Rutger Hauer, I now love the man. That is the best improve ever. To come with that off the top of your head, you gotta feel pretty comfortable with your surroundings, or feel as if you're in deep threat.
@lookabirdie well it wouldn't make sense to have an entire unscripted scene, otherwise the director wouldn't be filming at all. Obviously all the clips are just going to be unscripted lines and actions, what else did you expect?
that taxi driver ignored the signs and got humilited infront of millions lol
@algol291 More information about the background of this scene can be found by looking up "Tears In Rain Soliloquy." I tried to directly link it in this comment, but apparently YouTube won't let me post links. Or, if you can find the "4-Disc Limited Edition DVD," there's a lot of great commentary which goes into that scene, as well as the entire film. 
I like Rutger Haur, and I'm sure he's a pretty smart dude, but there's no way he improved the piece of poetry his character used in 'Bladerunner'.
I CANNOT BELIEVE "SINGING IN THE RAIN" WAS NOT PART OF THE SCRIPT!!!!!!!!!!!
I CANNOT BELIEVE "HERE'S JOHNNY" WAS IMPROVISED! JACK NICHOLSON IS KING!
@TheTdogg313 No it is Knocked Up when they go to Vegas.
@joshgaje No it is 40 year old virgin. Paul Rudd and Seth rogan were both in it
22 isnt 40 year old virgin... Its knocked up
And that's why good actors are so well paid.
@AdamTAnders Also that he was not even suppose to be in the movie. He was hired to teach a actor how to play the part of a drill instructor. Be he was so good at it they hired him for the part. And that in real life he was a gunnery sgt in the marines
it's kinda funny cos a lot of these are really famous!! :)
Awsome
84 people don't look like steers to me, so that pretty much narrows it down.
@AdamTAnders It's okay, he probably would have filmed the scene another ten times anyway. At least.
You should add that Stanley Kubrick had to stop filming to ask R. Lee Ermey what a reach around is. :D
Mein Furher, I can walk WAS on the script. The scene kept on going, with a pie fight after that, but it was cut. Here's Johnny was written on spot, but not really improvisation. The Midnight Cowboy "I'm walking here" WAS scripted, it is a common myth this line was improvised due to a taxi coming through. 
@the80sfanaddict no it was, paul rudd and seth rogen were both in 40 year old virgin as well and that was the scene when they were driving to the club towards the end i believe. 
wow this was awsome! pls make another vid to show the 50 best unscripted scenes!
Thts not 40 year old virgin Thts knocked up. Thts the scene wen they go to Vegas and their on mushrooms and go see the show nd freak out.
i came for R Lee Ermey and learned about a few other movies
@the80sfanaddict no its 40 year old virgin, seth rogan and paul rudd werent just in knocked up together 
@Stev6000 lol, that line had such a big impact on us as kids, so i know what you're sayin' :)
In English please?!, 
can't believe the "warriors, come out to plaaaayyaay" was'nt scripted, i must revise my entire life up to this point now.
For the record: R. Lee Ermey was a former drill sergeant of the United States Marine Corps.
Thank god for improvisation. Half of the lines in this MADE those movies. Like the Warriors one and "Here's Johnny", and Singing In the Rain. Without that those movies wouldn't have been as iconic.
had to of been compiled by an American...
the title says greatest unscripted scenes. most of these are lines/actions, not scenes
dumb and dumber is the greatest
Full metal jacket bootcamp scene...best unscripted scene of all time hands down. Drill sergeants are really that good at picking on kids in the RL. My dad was an army drill sergeant, he used to tell me stories of all the shit he said to the recruits. Funny shit
matt damon's story is really funny :p
matt damon's story is really funny :p
where is gandalf from the fellowship of the ring? when he hits his head on the roof of bilbo's house was not in the script but they kept filming anyway
The Heath Ledger one is totally overrated. 
was that Hillary Swank @ 3:12?????
It really is rude to fuck someone in the ass and not give them a reacharound
I was told that Heath Ledger also improvised the "Look at me" scene with fake Batman, well not really improvised, he filmed the entire scene himself. Still, it was amazing.
Stanley Kubrick ftw!
@the80sfanaddict nope its 40 yov
Paul Reiser's line in Aliens is hella under-rated... thanks to Bill's "Game over" line, heheheh! "Maybe we could build a fire... sing a couple of songs, maybe we could try THAT, hanh?!?" lol
thanks for the upload
Thumbs up if you think Daniel Day Lewis speech to the town from There Will Be Blood should be on this list
The Usual Suspect one is my favorite - you can see that the laughing between each suspect's line is genuine. Class film.
Ah, did Halo get the "game over" part from the movie aliens? I'm barely noticing this.
Here's Johnny!!! Best line ever
When I saw 'Saving Private Ryan' I thought that was one of the best monologues I'd seen
And this is why they make the big bucks...
83 people improvised and hit the dislike button.
"you talking to me?" I love DeNiro
brilliant 
i dont believe half of these were unscripted.
~ 25 Unscripted Scenes In Films ~﻿
@septichar i heard the whole telephone conversation between sonny and leon in dog day afternoon was improvised
Game Over man Game Over!!!
No Goodfellas dinner table scene at Tommy's mother's house? Easily Top 5.
@gtrmu That wasn't improvised.
@undisputed4life Nope. If I remember correctly, it was at the end of the day and they had done many takes of this scene already. Harrison Ford managed to get the runs and had to go to the bathroom so instead of fighting the guy with a sword as the script told him to, he just shot him. Lucas apparently liked it and used it in the final cut.
in the goodwill hunting scene, you can tell the camera man was laughing because of the camera shaking.
@gtrmu Wasn't that a last minute script change?
A scene that doesnt deserve top 25 but is awesome , A Guide to Recognizing your Saints. Channing Tatum throws a chair threw the door window.
@lioneljessejames Completely agree. Plus all of Dennis Hopper stuff was all improvised. Just watch Heart of Darkness.
bueller? bueller? the classroom scene was improvised how did you not put that in?!?
La de Midnight Cowboy... genial! Ahí se ve por que son actores profesionales.﻿
You know, in the scene from jaws, the girl really broke her ribs getting pulled down into the water. Yeah, I say thats #1
well number 22 is not from 40 YEAR OLD VIRGIN its from KNOCKED UP!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
No ace Ventura?????
No ace Ventura??????
just curious, how do you know that all those things were improvised?
Apocalypse now!? don't know if someone's already said it but the brando/sheen scene at the end is top 5 for sure!
GIVE ME THE FUCKIGN KERFYDS OLPGFKWGH
In a way you could argue that it was unscripted because it did differ from the script. Granted not 100% totally improvised once camera's were rolling, but not in the original script. I think it's a double edged sword.
I was hoping kevin bacon kicking the bucket through the window in stir of echoes would be on here.
Fuck ya clock work orange is a great movie!
@gtrmu cause that was actually half-scripted. it wasn't supposed to be that, but they changed it last minute =D
Ok, I get it. Stop ragging on me!
Could you do a sequel?
Can you believe that? All of cinema's most famous quotes are IMPROV??? Mind=Blown.
Heath's scene at 1:15, you've spelt 'stopping' wrong :) Great video, love it.
Robin Williams is amazing.
Robin Williams is amazing.
22 is not 40 year old virgin!!
40 Year Old Virgin? I'm pretty sure that's Knocked Up...
The scene was rewritten, so technically it's not REALLY unscripted. Good story, though.
Long Live R.Lee Ermey
Michael Weatherly sent us here! :)
I am here for michael.. ^^
Belushi's cafeteria behavior in Animal House was extemporaneous, including the "zit" scene. The other actors were legitimately responding in disgust.
Actually, The Dark Knight was from 2008.
Notice how all the movies were before 2000.
Great effort!! R. Lee Ermey's Drill instructor is one of my favourite performances of all time.
@gtrmu because that was how the scene was written. Unscripted is something that wasn't specifically written in the scene, it usually refers to speech but could refer to action also.
You left out the scene from Ferris Bueller's Day Off where his friend was on the phone with the dean. That whole scene was improvised. 
@CEDB1221 oh right. I had read that the scene was scripted but Shaw wrote it himself, and the finer points improvised. 
@louthleviathan thats an old wives tale... the speech went through 3 drafts, including one that Robert Shaw did, before it was filmed... but it defo was scripted
You left out Quint's speech in Jaws about the USS Indianapolis. That whole monologue was improvised. 
if i was any of the actors in the drill sergeant scenes of full metal jacket i would have cracked up at everything he said
The Usual Suspects one cracks me up every time. Just so unexpected.
god damn heath ledger was an amazing actor ):
I still get chills from Roy Batty's "Like tears in the rain" scene. Truly one of the most beautiful moments in cinema history. 
haha 1:30 epic voice crack
Do I amuse you? Am I a clown?
holy dog shit private
@gtrmu At first Harrison Ford was supposed to have a sword fight with the dude but since his sword training classes weren't going so well and he wasn't getting it down. So Ford said why don't I just shoot the guy instead. And they revised the script and he shot the guy. 
@gtrmu when they were filming it he had bad diadrea and couldnt do much or he would poo himself lol :)
I haven't seen 23rd Scene in over 12 years. That made me crack and it also made my day. :) 
Also in Gladiator in the first battle, Russel Crowe wasnt supposed to kill that guy. The extra said "wait I'm not supposed to die yet" and the Crowe killed him.
Gunnery Sergeant Hartman: How tall are you, private? Private Cowboy: Sir, five-foot-nine, sir. Gunnery Sergeant Hartman: Five-foot-nine, I didn't know they stacked shit that high!
Hey everybody! Check out this cool free app called "App Trailers". You can earn money and gift cards by watching videos. Type in "serbian222" as your bonus code to earn more points!! NO JOKE!!!!!
its knocked up, not 40 year old virgin.
@gtrmu Because it was in the revised script, it was not improvised.
@SirNickOfJervs Huh must have missed him in it, i remember him in 40 year old virgin but not from knocked up :)
@ManUtdRulze1 The actor on the right is Paul Rudd. He was in that movie, and that movie is Knocked Up.
My ill day has been spent in bed watching YouTube and finally going through my starred Reader items - finally the aches and fog is lifting and the temperature is dropping.Enjoy: 25 Greatest Unscripted Scenes in Films﻿
My ill day has been spent in bed watching YouTube and finally going through my starred Reader items - finally the aches and fog is lifting and the temperature is dropping.Enjoy: 25 Greatest Unscripted Scenes in Films﻿
My ill day has been spent in bed watching YouTube and finally going through my starred Reader items - finally the aches and fog is lifting and the temperature is dropping.Enjoy: 25 Greatest Unscripted Scenes in Films﻿
My ill day has been spent in bed watching YouTube and finally going through my starred Reader items - finally the aches and fog is lifting and the temperature is dropping.Enjoy: 25 Greatest Unscripted Scenes in Films﻿
How could you not put in Indiana Jones shooting the bad guy with the sword from the first Indiana Jones movie?
My ill day has been spent in bed watching YouTube and finally going through my starred Reader items - finally the aches and fog is lifting and the temperature is dropping.Enjoy: 25 Greatest Unscripted Scenes in Films﻿
My ill day has been spent in bed watching YouTube and finally going through my starred Reader items - finally the aches and fog is lifting and the temperature is dropping.Enjoy: 25 Greatest Unscripted Scenes in Films﻿
My ill day has been spent in bed watching YouTube and finally going through my starred Reader items - finally the aches and fog is lifting and the temperature is dropping.Enjoy: 25 Greatest Unscripted Scenes in Films﻿
@virtuex10 when making films the actors actually take turns doing their close up scenes separately. So Jodie Foster may not have even been in the room when he ad libbed that. It only looks like she's there because of editing. 
@ArchipVardon a lot of the scripts that you "look up" on the internet are actually transcripts from the film. So whether or not it was in the original script, it will still show up in the transcripts that you find now.
I want to watch the dark knight now.
655321 was the best scene, alex de large
@YETICOPTER hes right it is 40 year old virgin because the "You know how i know your gay" joke is used throughout between them 2 and the actor on the right is not in knocked up.
*blinks* .... wow.Did not know that.... through that whole video my mouth was partially open from ... whatever.. it's like watching a trainwreck.. hey I bet that saying's a famous unscripted line too huh ? xD wow... just wow
@melman It was, but they refilmed it to make it funnier.
@swixomix Same with Sellers: instead of forcing the comedy into the scene, he simply hired a genius comic improviser and let him go nuts
@swixomix Same with Sellers: instead of forcing the comedy into the scene, he simply hired a genius comic improviser and let him go nuts
@swixomix some directors often let actors go off-script once the scripted lines have been locked. Some will even write scenes with minimal dialogue on the page specifically with an improv expert in mind to fill it out, like Judd Apatow does. Kubrick loved doing it, despite his reputation as a cold misanthrope: he hired Ermey because he was a former drill instructor who could simply play that role convincingly without feeling like a written character
I'm pretty sure the explosion scene in Dark Knight was extremely well rehearsed, not improvised. It shows them going through it on the dvd extras.
4:30....."I'm walking here" followed by that gesture....Hilarious !!!!
40 year old virgin == knocked up!!
It lacks the scene from Indiana Jones, when Ford shoots the guy with swords.
How many times can this get posted?
What about the famous Indiana Jones "sword fight" scene?
﻿
The font kinda ruined it:P
how many movies really have "unscripted scenes"? Seems like every movie would have every scene scripted.
How about the end of The Graduate? The camera was supposed to stop rolling while they were still laughing. The way the smiles fade and they just sit there looking confused as to the future changes the meaning of the entire film.
@harrypmay haha the look on his face is priceless....like he had an appifianny 
@marionetemanJ Actually, that's not true.
@pabbananna Empire strikes back
@disengagejam what does esb stand for? 
@disengagejam Actually, Harrison Ford said the line randomly after Kershner told him to just make something up.
﻿
heard in a Charlie Rose interview with JJ Abrams that Abrams got to see Spielberg's shooting script for Jaws, and the "you're gonna need a bigger boat" was scrawled in the margin next to paragraphs of scratched out material IMAGINE seeing that genius dialogue maneuver
Hopkins threw in that last noise because he thought it would look good on the gag reel.
5:56 golden!
Wow, Saving Private Ryan scene improvised? Pretty clever and funny.
@harrypmay It's easily one of my favorite lines. To know that the end is near and inevitable and to so much want to live and not be able to. Priceless. The improv by R. Lee Ermey is also very good, but he had been an actual drill instructor, so that came natural to him. I read he got that job after he had himself filmed ranting to some actual soldiers while being pelted with oranges and not even stuttering or losing his train of thought.
GAME OVER, MAN, GAME OVER!
@NoBullet -- no shit sherlock (Lawrence Kasden wrote it) ... but Lucas did have an active role in what was filmed as they were essentially 'his movies'
25 scènes improvisées.﻿
@disengagejam Lucas didnt write the screenplay. Fuck your research.
almost all these scenes were scripted, in fact Coppola said himself that he added the line "take the cannoli" to the script that day himself.
A Knight's Tale. after winning the sword fight he is announced with a very epic speech. however because it was filmed in a country where English was not a common language, they did not know to cheer at the end. "Yeah!!" is then yelled and everyone started cheering. luckily the cameras were in the correct placement to catch this.
@disengagejam The main reason the original trilogy was so good was due to lucas' wife and best friend would tell him that all the stuff he intended to do, actually sucked.
What about when Aragorn broke his toe?
Was the midnight cowboy taxi scene really not scripted? that guy just drove through and really almost hit dustin hoffman? I find that hard to believe lol
im surprised to see that some of john rhys davies' improvised lines from lotr arent in here!
@harrypmay Yea, it wasn't unscripted per se. Rutger was given the ability to write his own lines at that part.
I am absolutely blown away that "Waaarrrrrrrrioooooooooorssssssss, come out an plaaaaaaaaaaaaayyyyyyyyyyyy" wasn't scripted. That's like the iconic line from that movie.
@mancreep Quite a few of the scenes were shot 2-3 times, which isn't a huge amount but I'm guessing they did crack up a few times
Thank you, brilliant vid.
@disengagejam I saw that movie when I was 10 and when he said that line was like "omg, he's a G and I am in love"
25 Greatest Unscripted Scenes in Films﻿
@mnsnerd Think about it though, he's not laughing at his own joke. He's enjoying a fond memory of peaceful times - and how trivial those past trials now seem compared to the grave ones they are facing at the moment. Matt Damon's laughing might have been that of an actor improvising and breaking into laughter, but in the context of the scene, for Private Ryan, it comes across as a rare moment of pure reminisce and escape from war.
What about "Ill have what she's having: from when Harry met Sally?
@YETICOPTER the whole "do you know how I know you're gay" banter between Paul Rudd and Seth Rogan's character was in 40 year old virgin. started while they were playing video games against each other. I think it was a Mortal Kombat game.
@Gnarwinism because that was a rumor started by the Coens. the line is actually in the script.
The best was the Caddyshack scene imo.
Ermey originally was the military advisor. He is a US Marine and was a Drill Instructor for a while. He got hired to do the part after he filmed an instructional video of himself dressing down a camera for ten minutes while being pelted in the face by tennis balls. He never stopped, he never flinched, and he never repeated himself.
R. Lee Ermry for the win!
"I know" clever!
@migitraper oh it doesnt go to the right now, that ruins the experiment, fuck it, im out
@migitraper Blade Runner from the book 'Do Androids Dream of Electric Sheep' by Philip K. Dick.
@migitraper Lol, you can reply to a reply lets see how far we can take this 
@migitraper Lol, you can reply to a reply lets see how far we can take this 
@migitraper Nevermind, ill google it 
@YETICOPTER Think you're right, are any of these guys actually in 40 yr old virgin? lol
What movie is "like tears in the rain" from?
I'm going to be honest. I'm surprised that the Indiana Jones And The Raiders Of The Lost Ark: Jones shooting the swordsman and Goodfellas "Funny How?" scenes didn't make it in. 
"the shinning" ft Willie
How was "Life does not stop and start at your convenience you miserable piece of shit" from the big lebowski not in this? John goodman was actually saying it to the director.
WHAT IS YOUR MAJOR MALFUNCTION NUMB NUTS? 
@mikekuhn716 I personally always felt that Jeff Daniels sorta ruined it a little by trying to make an annoying sound as well.
The whole 'Like tears in the rain' improvisation is beyond beautiful.
Best video on youtube
Time to die.
awesome list
Game over man! Game over!
isn't scene 22 from knocked up, not 40 year old virgin?
No Indiana Jones shooting the overconfident swordsman? Shame.
@disengagejam It is common knowledge that George Lucas can't write/film good dialog.
the man throwing the can just wanted to have the priviledge to tell his grandkids he threw a can @ john malkovich's head
#6 is by far my favorite. Instantly beautiful and tragic. Great compliatlion of clips! But wasn't there also the Indian jones / swordsman scene where he just shoots the assailant after a long day of performing and being sick.
cant believe they forgot indiana jones where he shoots the sword wielding dude.
you can tell jim carry's "annoying sound" at 0:31 was improvised because of jeff daniels' reaction. it cut away right as he was cracking up.
"Like tears in the rain".... com'on; that's too deep to be improvised.
@mancreep Because everyone was afraid of him, even the director Stanley Kubrick. O_O 
Where was "I know"? Way better than a few of those.
favorite scene was from ESB ... George Lucas wanted Han Solo to say "i love you too", instead the Director Irvin Kershner spoke with Harrison Ford and they decided it would be more in character and bad ass for him to say "I know" FUCK GEORGE LUCAS lol
Why not the boat scene from Willy Wonka?
You missed the best one of all time: "Could've been a contender"
I thought the Dark Knight explosion stopping was an accident?
﻿
25 grandes escenas de muy buenas películas, en donde las actuaciones y los diálogos fueron improvisados......."Leave the gun... Take the cannoli"..."You takin' to me?"...﻿
@kikook222 Anyone who call Heath Ledger, Hedger. Is a fucking idiot.
Full metal jacket's drill instructor is my hero is he made up the whole rant thing he did
25 grandes escenas de muy buenas películas, en donde las actuaciones y los diálogos fueron improvisados......."Leave the gun... Take the cannoli"..."You takin' to me?"...﻿
@tdcpm27 Cool story bro.
watch this, best 6 minutes on the internet at this moment.﻿
watch this, best 6 minutes on the internet at this moment.﻿
watch this, best 6 minutes on the internet at this moment.﻿
brilliant
watch this, best 6 minutes on the internet at this moment.﻿
there is no coincidence﻿
HEY! Don't forget the cannolis. 
Look at this Drug Junkie /watch?v=UFmxaz8uEw0
Only that scene in "A Clockwork Orange" could not just destroy a classic showtune, but the *entire movie based on it.*
If the Hedger scene was unscripted then Hedger is awesome.
@bmcorrier nice one for info R. Lee Ermey LEGEND & GENIUS!
Lol :D liked and subbed :P
What about the 100% improved scene from the Usual Suspects where a lit cigarette was flicked into the face of Stephan Baldwin and he almost got into a fight with the other actor?
Actually the explosions stalling was NOT in the script. 
@bmcorrier i thought he must of been a real drill sargent, the things he says are too cold for any actor or script writer to come up with
@bmcorrier i thought he must of been a real drill sargent, the things he says are too cold for any actor or script writer to come up with
@SuperDevilChris Nearly every line from R. Lee Ermey was improvised. He was an actual drill sgt. During his audition for this role, they had him yelling at people like this while he had tennis balls shot at him without flinching. Any scene they had to reshoot of him, they only did about one reshoot because he was flawless each time. A true badass. 
@tdcpm27 idiot.....
@mnsnerd Uhh.. no? It shows that the soldiers were actually human and had lives before the war instead of just killing machines. It gives MORE sympathy to the character because it shows he actually had a life with his brothers and they were taken away from him.
he got the rigths to the song immedieately.
its amazing that actors can think for themselfs 
FULL METAL JACKET scene genus! was it all improvised? (drill sgt)
22. is NOT 40 year old virgin..it's Knocked Up...get it right man
Great video. THOUGH I MISSED FIGHT CLUB "I want you to hit me as hard as you can" "aww he hit me in the ear". That one was improvised. David Fincher tolld Edward Norton to hit Brad Pitt in the ear and Brad Pitt did not know, EPIC SCENE.
Bill Murray is brilliant. rememberthatmovie net
@GOODPLAYA20 It means to masturbate someone else while you are sitting behind them.
@blueshark2010 What is a reach around anyway?
@tdcpm27 I'm sorry, I didn't realize I was contradicting a cinematic special effects expert here. I'll just shut up now.
Oh great, now I have to go watch Full Metal Jacket
@JerkOnTheInternet No it wasn't, you really think they would have exploded it all in one go with him that close? Pl-ease. 
How the fuck could they not burst into laughter during the drill sergeant scene? PROS. 
thanks for letting us know the the scripted lines were. made this much more interesting 
@tdcpm27 The point is that the charges misfired. Heath Ledger was supposed to walk smoothly away from a continuously exploding building. The whole bit where he stopped, looked back at the hospital, and fiddled with the detonator was improvised.
First time on youtube that I have enjoyed the annotations
#CLASSIC﻿
All of them are great, but the best dialgoue was "hssssssssss" or "take the cannoli". Best action was Heath Ledger or Michael Madison.
The usual suspects is my fav :P if I'm correct I think they came in drunk or something :P 
@FlamesUnderneath Maybe I don't have annotations on YOU AMERICAN PIG. 
@ohyeahbustedyeah Words? 
I'm singing in the rain 
@tdcpm27 So intelligent, I love how you read the annotations.
TDK hospital scene? Unscripted? Ye, they just happened to be filming when the hospital blew up... Come on. 
you forgot one amazing one. in the movie the cable guy at the medieval restauraunt where jim carey puts the chicken skin on his face!
Some of those improvised lines ended up being some of the most memorable movie lines of all time. Professional acting just amazes me sometimes. 
3:53 That was a $2,000 sneeze.
Wow, some of the best lines in history were improvised? That's pretty cool.
1:30 By Far one of the greatest horror sequel movie ever made.
@blueshark2010 Someone with a cocaine habit didn't know what a reach around was?
the seth rogen and paul rudd scene is knocked up, not 40 year old virgin
classic. gotta love it!
Wow someone's actually uploaded a "greatest" compilation to youtube that fits the description and is actually interesting!
R. Lee Ermey, is the only guy iwho'd yell in my face and i'd be not pissed. Glad you saved the best for last, I could not stop laughing during the entire time he was ranting.
lol, if only this was tv, the office when michael kisses oscar wasn't scripted
I guess Malcom McDowell has done this before...
It's too bad you didn't include the "Jesus wept" line from Hellraiser, that was improvised as well.
@blueshark2010 What *is* a 'reach around'?
@in2universe His henchman was supposed to enter much earlier but forgot, instead of cutting, the director let Gary improvise the rest of the scene.
@daveusaz1218 yeah, i think he should do more roles like that.
@CMasta121 that speech and scene is awesome. was that really improvised?
@CMasta121 That movie put Gary Oldman on my favorite actors list, What a great movie and G.O. played a great psychopath in it.
why is Robert Deniro such a boss?
whats crazy is some of these r so memorable and have stood the test of time greatness that they were not written 
1:29 SACKY!
Another Great line that was improvised is in The First Dirty Harry movie When Scorpio has Harry at the Cross or what ever and has him so his show his gun "My thats a big one" was improvised to
Of course R. Lee Ermey's lines were improvised. He just pulled what came naturally off the top of his head from being a Gunnery Sergeant in the Marines for all that time =D
Of course R. Lee Ermey's lines were improvised. He just pulled what came naturally off the top of his head from being a Gunnery Sergeant in the Marines for all that time =D
The whole ''Blade Runner'' scene was originally diffrent. Rutger Hauer approached the director asking to say something else than in the script, without Harrison Ford knowing...
@Distephano2006 Apparently the director got pissed off because the actors kept making it a lighthearted funny scene instead of a serious one as planned :D
Um . . . howbout something from District 9, which was a completely unscripted and improvised film?
oops nvm
the last one. what movie was that???
gd list but if it was in order of cultural impact, the godfather should have been first, hands down
The Star Wars line "I know." actually WAS in the script. If you look it up, you'll find that the original response from Han was "I love you too." but it was believed the line would have been out of character, so it was changed.
Haha i love the Usual Suspects one, never knew that, shows the laughing was genuine! Also makes Michael Madsens ear scene even more disturbing!
Haha The Usual Suspects "Give me the fucking keys!"
Who needs a strong script when you have these talented improvisers...﻿
Who needs a strong script when you have these talented improvisers...﻿
R Lee Ermey was an actual drill instructor - love him!!! 
the best ad libs are the ones practiced the most
@JuanOfaKind88 its supposed to and if it does not you nay be a sociopath
#22 knocked up, not 40 year old virgin
Blade Runner at #6 is still my favorite. God thats an amazing scene
Aint gonna lie, Heath Ledger played one of the best villains ive ever seen
What about Indiana Jones shooting the ninja because he was too tired to actually bother with a fight scene? Or Rocky's comment about the giant poster of him being wrong (since the set design crew actually got it wrong)? Some of the best scenes in history were improvised.
The second "game over" in Aliens gets me every time.
give me your fucking keys you fucking cock sucking muthafucka ahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh 
Lord Helmet's action figure moment was created on spot. most of Altman's MASH was performed via a quick read theneverybody started extemporizing. most of Robin Williams' blather as the Genie was improvised with the cartoon drawn to match his rantings. (ain't I smart!?)
Tears in Rain was so good
game over man GAME OVER
Gary Oldman's Beetoven speech in Leon: The Professional
Matt Damon's unscripted dialogue in 'Saving Private Ryan' shows how important writers are. A horrible scene that takes away pretty much all the sympathy from the character.
@dragonrain05 amen to that!
0:37 that scene is from knocked up, not 40 year old virgin
@batman2909 It's pretty easy to believe if you've ever done theatre or anything. This sort of thing happens all the time, it just rarely gets famous.
A Clock work Orange always scares the crap out off me, I dont know why.
"tears in the rain" One of the best lines ever.
You should have included Indiana Jone's shooting of the sword guy from Raiders. Harrison was sick and asked not to do a full fight scene. 
@cbukowski Yeah, you know, he was such a perfectionist, and yet many of the most famous lines from his films were improvised
Hate to be 'that guy' but i'm pretty sure number 22 is actually a deleted scene from knocked up
62 people are peter-puffers
Interesting how many of these films are Stanley Kubrick's.
I don't believe that any of this was unscripted. Just saying. In fact, I know that the bladerunner scene was written my Rutger in his trailer.
I don't believe that any of this was unscripted. Just saying.
Number 5 was pretty cool.. If I wouldn't have seen this video I would've thought that he was super hot headed (which he probably is as a character) ... the fact that the taxi cab just came out of nowhere on the set ... xD Great accidental filming.
you kiddin' me? the most memorable lines of all time were all unscripted?
@AQuestionOrSomethin4 the texas thing was a joke, referring to the heavy metal jacket quote from the video, gay comment, are you from texas? how did you not get that? haha but anyway how does that song make that scene any more disturbing than other scenes?
@AQuestionOrSomethin4 BULLSHIT heavy metal jacket deserves it way more!...... very gay comment..... you from texas?
Another hilarious scene would be in Life of Brian during the Biggus Dickus scene.
How about the scene from the italian job. Where the napster is filling in a conversation for handsome rob ^^
number 22 looked more like knocked up 
Frau Blucher"s (whinnnnnnny) asking the retiring Fredrick "herr baron would you care for a brandy? Perhaps a glass of warm milk? Ovalteen?" from Young Frankenstein. Gene Hackman's mournful "Come back! I was gonna make espresso!" same film.
Toshiro Mifune's "I'm laughing so hard I'm crying!" speech in the Seven Samurai when the heroes discover the two-faced villagers have hoarded food and stolen armor. 
@TheMovieMobster fun fact clarifying your fun fact...it was taken from the bar scene in the movie Shane where Royal Dano got paid back for attacking the hero. Dano called him "sodbuster", Shane replied "are you talking to me?"; source of information...Cult Movies 2, Danny Peary author.
Some people are amazing at improvising, I am not one of those people. I learned that in my theater class, two years in a row.
Sergeant Hartman and General Sarrano. seperated at birth?
Sergeant Hartman and General Sarrano. seperated at birth?
the most interesting one is the taxi running into Dustin Hoffman. That driver probably feels like a real jackass now!
@SillyMooon They did that because Harrison was ill that day, and didn't want to do a full action fight scene =p
What about the line from The Rings "When the fuck did we get Ice Cream?"
proof that greatness is never scripted
Fun Fact: the "are you talking to me?" line actually came from bruce springsteen
Is it me or are all the most famous lines unscripted
Love me some Full Metal Jacket
@gunninlinguist that wasn't scripted? even more respect to the little man
the only reason I don't agree with this video is that it didn't use Tommy Lee Jones's coffee and donuts line from The Fugitive.
in my opinion, the scene in one of the indiana jones movies... can't remember witch one, but some guy comes out with two swords and starts showing off all awesome like. scripted was a huge sword battle between harrison ford and the other guy, but harrison had to pee, so he just pulled his gun and shot the guy. the director thought it was hilarious and he kept it.
Caddy Shack What a Classic! Bill Murray at his best..
Caddy Shack What a Classic!
keep the annotations on﻿
ALL of Bill Murray's lines in Caddyshack were improvised. They just left the camera on him and let it roll.
I couldnt be yelled at in the damn Full Metal Jacket scene i'd be too busy laughing
I had no idea that the Joker's actions during that part of The Dark Knight was improvised. That goes to show that Heath Ledger was perfect for the Joker. But than again, anybody probably would have done those same actions as well.
What about the scene in Raider's of the Lost Ark where Indy shoots the guy with the sword when he was actually going to fight him? 
Most of This Is Spinal Tap was improvised.
aahaha, wasn't all of Jaws technically improvised?
#22 funny...that looks alot like knocked up...
Actually, 'I know' from Episode V wasn't so much as unscripted but added into the script under Harrison Ford and Irving Kershner's dislike with the orginal line. They discussed it before the actual scene in a private meeting. This can be found in the 'Making of ESB' by J.W. Rinzler on page 176-177 of the hardcover version. Kersh was asked to record his days work on a tape for Lucas to see how he worked, and this was one of the earlier days recorded. 
You've got Blade Runner near the top, so 10 stars, 128 points, and a gold ribbon for your taste.
Brilliant video. Great e-bayer Thanks! A+++++++++++
@LittlerCandy2 hands down one of the best youtube comments I've ever read.
It's so unfortunate that many of these actors are getting old and coming to stop in their acting careers, and on top of that i don't think today's up-rising stars are going to come close to these amazing actors' talents....
All Peter Sellers lines in Strangelove were unscripted...
pretty sure number 22 is knocked up and not 40 year old virgin
So they didn't change the "script" from the pie fight in Dr. Strangelove?
The best improvised scene to date is missing. It is the "Sicilians are fucking niggers" from True Romance, where Dennis Hopper makes Christopher Walken rage hard.
Almost all of Bill Murray's lines are improved in Caddy Shack. He wasn't even supposed to be in the film. They filmed all of his scenes last because he was added last minute.
@PhallusPhoenix Mate you are totally right! That one always gets called out as one of the most epic improv's in popular film. 
R.Lee.Ermey scare the shit out of me more the any movie villian. God Bless him, he was a Marine.
Dustin Hoffman's was the best!
The worst thing about this world, is all the crazy things that they can do to your body while you're alive.. The worst thing about the spirit, is all the crazy things that God can do to your body while you're dead.. 
"Game over, man" was improvised? wow thats pretty cool coz its quite a popular line from the film now i think
@dumbtardface it prob happens all the time
Another improvised scene: Pirates of the Carribean: The scene where Gibbs is telling William how Jack got off the island: Will: He roped a couple of sea turtles? Gibbs: Ay Will: What did he use for rope? Jack: Human hair. From my back. Jack's line was not in the script. If you watch closely you can see Gibbs laughing.
just imagine if some dick director had said "CUT" in the middle of some of these epic improvs, props to the directors who let the actors do their thing
There is simply no excuse for not having the scene from "Raiders Of The Lost Ark" where Indy shoots the arab dude with the sword. That was completed improvised by Ford and probably one of the most iconic moments in film history.
R. Lee Emery gives me the creeps...
5:57 How did the actors not laugh when he said that?
I thought just the "kid" in "here's looking at you, kid" was unscripted?
Malcolm McDowell used Singing in the Rain because he knew all the lyrics by heart. 
@gunninlinguist omg you re right
il eat the cat poop
@Sheldonwh butthurt much? lol
Where's gary oldmans classical music rant from Leon the professional?!?!?!
this whole video just shows how truly great and talented these actors really are, bravo
Wait wait you didnt include the best improvised scene of all-"how the fuck am I funny" scene Joe Pesci, Goodfellas.
Wait wait you didnt include the best improvised scene of all-"how the fuck am I funny" scene Joe Pesci, Goodfellas.
In Lord of the Rings when aragorn kicks the head from the pile of heads and sits down crying its because hes actually broken his toes but he continues as if hes acting 
Great set of lines. My only complaint is the lack of "It's the dwarves that go swimming...with little hairy women!!!"
@jak67709 Agreed, that one should have been in the top 5. Harrison Ford is so great with the improv. Story goes that Indy was supposed to get into some kind of sword fight with the guy, but Ford had the flu and was too sick to even think about it, so he improved shooting the guy instead to get the scene over with.
You know what that video needed was more HOMOPHOBIA. "Know how I know you're gay" wouldn't be quite as funny as, "Know how I know you're a nigger," now would it? And how about, "Texas? There's a lot of niggers down in Texas." What, not laughing? Oh, I guess you're just a sensitive, enlightened person...who laughs at gay jokes, but not racist jokes.
That scene from the warriors is cult classic, the entire film is
Aw, no CHOKE ON 'EM from Day of the Dead?
I'm pretty sure #22 was actually Knocked Up, not 40-Year-Old Virgin
I just watched Blade Runner for the First time this morning, great film! That scene with "Tears in the Rain" was great!
step brothers was very heavily improvised.
The Game Over line wasen't scripted? Jesus tit fucking christ.
How could the actors and the filming crew possibly keep a straight face when Lee Ermy was going all nuts on the soldiers. I just can't stop laughing.
Where is the scene where indiana jones shoots the sword wielder??
@LittlerCandy2 the boat wasn`t big enough for them
I think by unscripted he means that it wasn't in the original script, in which case he's right.
the uploader is wrong on some of these, some were absolutely scripted, just not necessarily by the writer...improvisation is something that is done in the moment, and not pre-planned, and some of this stuff was totally pre-planned.
The Blade Runner line "tears in rain" WAS scripted, it just wasn't scripted by the writer...Rutger improvised it before the scene and it was written into the script.
"You're gonna need a bigger boat" was improvised? I seriously doubt that. He was walking into the room to say one line, obviously it was scripted.
@TheBradcake what if they incorporated it later?
What about the "You're funny" scene from Goodfellas 
"Blade Runner's improvisation was easily the best. One of the most beautiful lines I've ever heard in film.
@SeeingEros ....I know. That's the point I was making to mewlists, that he had scripted scene in his "25 Greatest Unscripted Scenes"....
oh it is good to be back at 1080p :D sick of people pointing out 240p
@OpinionatedAussie technically that's not improvised... since they decided before the final shot... just sayin 
Full Metal Jacket is thee beeeeest :D
I think the most known and repeated one would have to be Aliens, game over.
awesome
What about Arnold's Terminator 2 line "I need a vacation"?
Also, on Star Wars, "I know" wasn't technically in the script, but Lucas and Ford both decided that the scripted line - "I love you too" - didn't fit Han Solo's character, and they decided upon "I know" prior to filming
Interestingly, in Dr. Strangelove, the reason he stood up is because he momentarily dropped character and forgot he was meant to be paralyzed. But Sellers, being the amazing actor that he was, passed it off so well that they changed the whole ending to his improvised recovery haha
@RiioTzZHD pretty sure 40 year old version cuz i havnt seen knocked up but remember this scene
61 queers didnt have the common courtesy to give a reach around
@RiioTzZHD its knocked up running the bit from 40 year old virgin
isnt 0:41 knocked up? not 40 year old virgin
i didnt know that the singin in the rain from a clockwork orange and take the cannoli were improvised
beverly hills cop was a great improvised line by judge reinhold and john ashton Rosewood: You know by the time the average American is 50, he'll have 5 lbs. of undigested red meat in his bowels. Taggart: Why are you telling me this? What makes you think I have any interest in that whatsoever? Rosewood: Well you eat a lot of red meat.
1:20 always made me laugh
They need the bit from Torchwood a while back, "You are never doing that accent again." "I'm mortified, I'm absolutely mortified." That wasn't in the script either ;D
Come out to plaaaayyyyy hahahahaa
Best one was Batty from Blade Runner. 
Did anyone see how many Kubrick movies were on this list 
Glaring omission- Brando's rambling monologue in Apocalypse Now.
do you suck dicks? sir yes sir!
2:00 LMFAO 
God, goose bumps.... 5:38
The "be a man" slap in Godfather was also improvised
2:00 i laughed so hard, my roommate asked me if i was ok
great job
game over man wasnt scripted?, but that was one of the movies most famous lines!
0:38 isn't 40 year old virgin, its Knocked Up.
0:38 isn't 40 year old virgin, its Knocked Up.
The bladerunner bit isn't exactly improv. As far as I know Rutger Hauer came up with the lines, but not off the top of his head.
What about the Indiana jones where he shoots a guy with sward?
@basherbat Drill Instructor, and yeah, it matters because he's not a Sergeant. He's a Gunny. 
weel now i know its bullshit cuz the drill seargant in full metal jacket wasnt an actor they were orignally going to use one but when they went to a camp and saw this man in action as a drill seargant they hired him therefore there is no actor there it is a real life drill seargant. ha
2:18 Oh god, I kept laughing for a long time.
I absolutely LOVE Matt Damn's story about his brothers from Saving Private Ryan, it's so real and genuine and I love how Damon is constantly cracking up while elling the story. Magnificent moment!
I will NEVER get tired of the most annoying sound in the world!
@Spanky989 Probably or sometimes directors just tell their actors "react to this" or "use your imagination" when they don't like the action in the script.
Had no idea about most of these! Very cool.
22 is knocked up, not 40 year old virgin
I doubt the singing in the rain part was unscripted because it plays a major role in the story later, won't tell how but people who have seen the movie will understand.
Luke Skywalker's LIKEsaber ... think about it
Omg 4:40 is fucking real
Where's the Bugs Bunny scene from Wayne's World?
i love that joker scene in batman
Excellent video man! Part 2 here I come
The MLT line from Princess Bride should be on this list.
59 people dont give reach arounds.
@StrikerSL9 read the explanation: it says that the delayed explosion was choreographed, but heath wasn't told what to do between the explosions... that part was his own creation
@MrSaxter vincent d'onofrio is laughing! in fact, he's trying so hard not to laugh, R. Lee Ermey comes over to give him shit for it at the end of the scene
4:35 is the best one!!
@21hj12 yeah it is ... I pointed that out too 
22 isnt 40 year old virgin its knocked up :/ get your movies right
another unscripted scene is when dustin hoffman grabs anne bancroft's breast in the graduate. after doing it he had to bang his head against the wall to not laugh
@bfmcgee92 uh that wasnt a story
Same perełki!!! 25 Greatest Unscripted Scenes in Films﻿
all this vidoe did was enforce that bill murray is 1 of the greatest actors of all time
HAGRID #50! Woohoo! As HAGRID is a collection, I'll make #50 be a couple of mashups:25 Greatest Unscripted Scenes in Films﻿
Scumbag Han Solo.
@wes89horns Shooting the Arabian wasn't Improv, It was a script change, Harrison Ford was sick that day and the Director CHANGED THE SCRIPT for him, so that he didn't have to do any unnecessary work.
!﻿
@RockerNathan97 the Warriors is such an awesome movie to
i already knew that Warriors one was
great list but you are missing the two best ones the scene in Raiders of the Lost Ark where Harrison Ford improvised shooting the swordsman and Orson Welles improvised "Cuckoo clock" monologue from the Third Man.
haha that guy driving was prob like damn wtf that guy is yelling at me
Something tells me Hoffman wasn't acting...
how do you know that this is unscripted?
The line grime silence of the lambs definitely was scripted, it's the exact line from the book
22 was not 40 year old virgin, its knocked up, i think
Awesome. I would've added Wargames "I'd piss on a spark plug if it'd do any good!" and possibly Bill Paxton's "greasy pork sandwich" from Weird Science.
matt damon and robin williams have incredible chemistry!! de niro and anthony hopkins are my two favorite actors
@IIFlippy I'm fairly sure it was in the script. they changed it in storyboarding the film, while they were choreographing the supposed fight scene.
i think the pretty women necklace case shutting scene should be on here
@kaross29 Why?
All fantastic lines﻿
DeNiro had been to a Bruce Springsteen concert shortly before filming this scene; saying "You talkin' to me?" was pinched from Springsteen, who would ask the crowd "Are you talkin' to me?" during "Raise Your Hand"
DeNiro had been to a Bruce Springsteen concert shortly before filming this scene; saying "You talkin' to me?" was pinched from Springsteen, who would ask the crowd "Are you talkin' to me?" during "Raise Your Hand"
@Robi2009 Fair and thoughtful explanation, good sir. My only other point of contention would be that if the Usual Suspects scene counts as improvised then there's not much of a definition going on. By that definition everything in every movie is improvised, imho.
@Robi2009 Yeah, I was just about to say that. Very well put.
@wes89horns I think in this case improvised means that actor(s) did something on their own without discussing it with the director, and it ended in the movie. The Arabian guy scene was changed because of Ford's sickness but AFTER approval from Spielberg, so technically it wasn't an improv.
Forgot why I like Full Metal Jacket so much... Time for a re-watch.......In-credible!!!!!
@awesome220 Despite your amazing use of the English language, I'll repeat myself: "By his definition of 'improv' Indy certainly fits, as he's looking for 'unscripted' moments. Which it was."
@wes89horns that wasn't improvised you fucktard
R.Lee was a DI - he probably said shit like that every day.
Knowing in Full Metal Jacket that R.Lee Ermy improvised that whole scene just amazes me, he did it so well that it was believable...it was, spot on.
the usual suspects was hilarious
@wes89horns Good one. Or ..... they left out Robin Williams in "Good Morning Vietnam"
los 25 diálogos que no estaban en los guiones de las peliculas ( algunos son muy dudosos de los buenos que son)﻿
2:00 - 2:28 best looooool
That entire Caddyshack scene is improved. Bill Murray is the best improviser in the world.
worriors..............come out to playyyyyyyyay!! LOL
@1Avion1 By his definition of "improv" Indy certainly fits, as he's looking for "unscripted" moments. Which it was.
@wes89horns You've probably already been told this, but I'm saying it anyway. That scene wasn't improvised. Harrison Ford was feeling ill that day of filming and asked Spielberg if he could just shoot the man instead of doing an extravagant sword fight. While that is a neat story, it's not technically improvisation.
In the Dumb and Dumber scene, watch Jeff Daniels' face. You can tell he's like "The fuck?" and then busts out laughing
I heard that Liam Neeson's epic monologue in Taken was unscripted. That may not be true, but I do know that he did it in one take.
My fav scene is from Movie No.17 The Usual Suspects. Love how the actors break out into giggles at Billy Baldwin's swearing. Real clever to use that natural scene in the final cut of the movie! And Benicio Del Toro just looks so cool in it!
the scene with "the girl in the garden" from shuan of the dead should be somewhere towards the bottom of the list
Some I knew others I was just surprised by.﻿
"Seeking absolute military authenticity for the film, Kubrick allowed Ermey to write or edit his own dialogue and improvise on the set, a noted rarity in a Kubrick film. Kubrick later indicated that Ermey was an excellent performer, often needing just two or three takes per scene, also a noted rarity for a Kubrick film."
That drill sergeant at the end sounds incredibly annoying.
"Star Trek IV- The Voyage Home" had at several un-scripted scenes- including Checkov asking where the "nuclear wessels" are, Spock and Kirk's "Yes! No. Yes! No." moment in the truck, and an elderly patient declaring "Doctor gave me a pill and I grew a new kidney!"
These scenes... true movie magic in action. Sometimes amazing things can happen if you go off script. 
How come the actors aren't laughing at the scenes in Full Metal Jacket? 
The Indiana Jones was scripted; otherwise, the actor would have been dead coz of Indie's shot. It was simply a decision to revise a scene because Harrison wasn't feeling well.
The jive scenes in Airplane were all unscripted. Ive always loved that they made up the entire conversations on the fly. 
Rader's of the Lost Ark: Indie is running through the streets in the Middle East (Morroco?) and a swordsman pulls his scimitar, puts on a quick weapon drill w/ the intention of fighting him. Harrison Ford pulled his gun and shot him abruptly. It was unscripted as he was suffering from pneumonia and was not looking forward to an extended (exhausting) fight scene again. Loved it so much, they kept it in. Kind of a Han Solo moment, as it were.
coooooooool thx u man for posting this awesomigly good stuffy
Take a look everybody!﻿
amazing....real fine work...thank you
@wes89horns you have good point sir. Intestinal disease for great justice!
cmon give him a fuckin reacharound
The Seth Rogan/ Paul Rudd scene is NOT from 40 year old virgin. It's from Knocked Up! - you ought to fix that!
I refuse to believe the 'here's Johnny' scene was improvised!
well done!
+Joshua Ayala 25 Greatest Unscripted Scenes in Films﻿
I think the best improvised line is "Dwarves that go swimming with little hairy women" In LOTR TT. :p
@wes89horns not its not, thats just silly ashkenazi zionist jew crap
A Supercut of Unscripted Scenes in Movieshttp://laughingsquid.com/a-supercut-of-unscripted-scenes-in-movies/﻿
you say "lookin at you kid" was unscripted, and skip the line at the end of the film that actually was.makes me think a lot of the other ones are bogus too.
@Feradg Top left.. Throughout the whole video.. bottom right is information explaining the scene then on the top left there's a subscribe annotation. i dont have a bigass screen and shit like this really pisses me off
GREAT!
hahah 2:00 gets me everytime 
matt damon is so ugly
matt damon is so ugly
Yeah agreed, the Indiana Jones scene should be in there. I think its awesome that there was actually a big scripted fight that was supposed to occur and Harrison had the flu and was about to puke so he was like, fuck it... BANG! Anyways, awesome list! Had no clue about most of these.
The classic film M.A.S.H.(1970)was entirely improvised. The ENTIRE film. Only one line of the script made it into the final cut.
@JMaxfield09 The OP could make a whole other list of Bill Murray's 25 greatest unscripted scenes. We have to be fair to other movies that aren't graced with Murray's presence, too.
@wes89horns Well, yeah, but the reason behind that improv wasn't really Harrison Ford being an amazing actor so much as it was Harrison Ford having the runs that day and wanting to get the scene over with before he shat himself.
*25 famosas improvisaciones cinematográficas*﻿
I'd love to see a 25 more Greatest Unscripted Scenes in Films ! You really did a very good job ! (Love Tom Hanks face at the beginning of Matt Damon impro ^^ 03:02 That's just awesome ! ) I love your channel and videos ! Kee
Leia: "I Love you" - Han Solo: "I Know."
Bull shit...
Surprising ones on the list.﻿
Can i have a list of this movie?? @mewlists
Completely overlooked - Groundhog Day, with Bill Murray giving insuranse salesman Ned Ryerson (Stephen Tobolowsky) a BIG hug that verges on homoerotic: "I have missed you...so much. I don't know where you're headed, but...will you call in sick?" Pure improv = priceless reaction from Ned. Much better for this top 25 list than either Caddyshack or Tootsie, IMO
great! another unscripted scene is in "Easy rider" when they smoke weed and talk weird, well they were really smoking weed and jack Nicholson was totally gone! XD
@Shaibana hihi (: 
2:00
@kenton2324 ohh didn't know that
A Supercut of Unscripted Scenes in Movieshttp://laughingsquid.com/a-supercut-of-unscripted-scenes-in-movies/﻿
"07. The Shinning"?
A lot of people here is mistaking improvised with unscripted. Not the same.
cenas antologicas do cinema... feitas na genialidade do improviso﻿
@Raabamillo well, vincent d'onforio started laughing at one point. remember: "Wipe that fucking grin out of your face!"
Some of the greatest moments in film are just talented people winging it.﻿
@GoldenGophers99 He said Matt Damon's character's story -- you know, the story Private Ryan was telling in that scene. He was not saying the character Private Ryan was improvised. Sheesh.
Todos esos momentos se perderan en el tiempo... como lagrimas en la lluvia.Blade Runner.Fragmentos de miticas obras del septimo arte en las que los actores improvisan frases que luego quedan para la posterioridad... ;) enjoy!﻿
@Raabamillo The intimidation factor. When a "loose cannon" is going off on you in your face, you don't DARE laugh!
@JustEvaah hahahaha :D Omg ja
I love how people are asking for proof. If you were a movie buff you would know these scenes have been documented as being improvised. Hans Solo "I Know" is legendary for being improvised. The scene from Good Will Hunting is so improvised that you can see the camera shaking when its on Matt Damon because the camera man couldn't help but laugh because the story Robin Williams tells is not in the script. If you knew anything about movies you wouldn't question this list.
So you these scenes seem improvised to you, so you claim they are without any proof, links or explanation. Ok. I'm gonna make a video with film clips of women having sex and will claim they had real orgasms in the clip. 
@lpkid1057 Um, did you know you can actually choose which youtube videos you will watch?
What adds even more mystique to the "Full Metal Jacket" scene is that Lee wasn't even the original actor to play the drill sergeant, but a consultant for the drill scenes. Kubrick heard him yelling at one of the crew members over something or other and said, "I want that guy." They fired the other actor immediately and replaced him with Lee.
Whoever put this together has never made a real movie. 
Some of these I can understand, coming from an actor who just really got into his character, but I still find it hard to believe that the metaphor from Blade Runner wasn't on script. Also hard to believe that the funniest moment in the Dark Knight wasn't choreographed; the delay for the last explosion was perfectly timed.
Interessant :-)﻿
That's awesome! +1 for improvisation.﻿
Thumbs up als HITKRANT je hier bracht (A)
How about Fight Club? That scene where Durden tells the narrator to punch him was supposed to be a weak slap, but Ed Norton really punched him and Brad Pitt's reaction was completely real/improvised.
How in the FUCK did you not include the "what do you mean? Funny?" scene from goodfellas. This list is null and void.
@Raabamillo aah it's named "professionalism" ; )
Sorry, But I'm Calling bullshit. You can't tell me that all these iconic line are just improv without proof. I've never heard your claims before. BULL.... SHIT. Proof. ' 
What proof is there that any of this is improvised? What's your sources? 
This was a great video. Intelligently thought out and well-picked scenes. For one of the only times ever watching a youtube video, I feel smarter for watching it. How did you find out all these scenes were un-scripted (assuming you arent from a theatre background)? Stanley Kubrick is a genius.
@Raabamillo Easy He's Scary As FUCK!!! Have that guy shouting at the guy next to you n shitin your pants is the first thing you'll do, by the way, he was a real drill sargent!! xD
Amazing actors!!!!
I wish that I could make that same sound Jim Carrey did xD
WHOA, no Indiana Jones? Shooting the Arabian guy is the BEST improv'd scene EVER!!
I would've added "you mustn't be afraid to dream a little bigger, darling" from Inception. "darling" wasn't scripted, Tom Hardy said it for fun and Chris Nolan liked it, so it stayed. But awesome list :D.
I would've added "you mustn't be afraid to dream a little bigger, darling" from Inception. "darling" wasn't scripted, Tom Hardy said it for fun and Chris Nolan liked it, so it stayed. But awesome list :D.
Anthony Hopkins is epic! 
No Indiana Jones bit? ....what.
Thanks man, great work..
GIMME THE FUCKING KEYS YOU FUCKING COCKSUCKAAA MUTHAAFUCKAAALLAAAA
﻿
you should've added peter sellers's phone conversation in dr. strangelove
ok, great... but what about the scene in The Dark Knight when the joker is under arrest and the mayor promoted Gordon to Commisioner??? the scene that was on the script is that all the policemen were clapping, but Heath Ledger started to clap too, Nolan thought that was perfect.
Matt Damon's character? Really?! The movie is called Saving Private Ryan. They saved Matt Damon... Do the math
@me 4:36 i meant. Not 4:46
4:46 If that was true. that's the best one out the lot. I'm surprised you didn't include Martin Sheens naked performance in Apocalypse Now, where he cuts himself and just improvises. As far as I now, that's the best Improvisation ever. (I watched a vid about it here on youtube once)
I bet that Malkovich extra got fired! A couple of other famous ones have been left out, i.e Robert De Niro getting angry in Raging Bull at a real person shouting from another apartment Viggo Mortensen breaking his toe kicking a helmet in the LOTR trilogy
Some of the best unscripted lines in movie history.﻿
@Raabamillo Well, Kubrick is known to shoot the same scene several times, sometimes somewhere in the region of 80 times or more. And I do not mean different camera angles, but rather the same exact angle. So if they had to reshoot the scene several times until they got 'the right shot' it would explain why after so many takes they did not laugh.
the shinning?
love love LOVE the usual suspects scene, even more now that i know it was improvised how they said the line. stephen baldwin's version is by far the funniest
@RPGflms It wasn't in the original script, but Hauer wrote it shortly before filming and OK'd it with Ridley Scott. So not really improvised.
A Supercut of Unscripted Scenes in Movieshttp://laughingsquid.com/a-supercut-of-unscripted-scenes-in-movies/﻿
Fuck him in the ass and not give him the courtasy of a reach around. HAHHAHAHAHA WOOOOOW reminds me of my army days. :>
hand me da keys you cocksukka In ENGLISH please 'scuse me? IN ENGLISH hand me the fuckin keys you cock sucker watafawk ROFL 
Another great Improvisational scene is between Cary Grant and Jimmy Stewart in "The Philadelphia Story" most of the dialog is scripted but Jimmy stewarts Hiccups and Cary Grant's "Excuse me " was improvised
So many of these scenes are directly from the script. 
I read the editing of Annie Hall was changed after the sneezing scene was tested on audiences. Viewers laughed too hard and missed the dialogue in the following scenes.
funny how most of the iconic lines we've been quoting weren't scripted25 Greatest Unscripted Scenes in Films﻿
Very interesting, but warning, contains adult language and content.﻿
@SeanFett Shhh! You wanna be sued!
unexpected gift～～﻿
*via neatorama*﻿
tears in the rain from blade runner is one of the most iconic moments in film history i cant believe it was unscripted. 
wow, there are some surprising scenes here, that whole thing from full metal jacket, how could someone come up with those on spot? and the one from usual suspects is one of my favourite scenes of all time, that's probably why it's so natural and funny.﻿
that wasnt 40 year old virgin that was knocked up
RIP Joker !!
THE JOKER!!!! [Comment via Fireviews]
Apocolypse now mirror punching scene as well as Harrison ford shooting the sword weilding middle eastern guy in "Raiders of the lost arc" should both be in here.
how about the "funny how?" scene from goodfellas???? 
@AnarchyIsPower but the title says '25 Greatest Unscripted Scenes' and not 26 or more.
@Raabamillo I know. I laughed so damn hard the first time I saw it.
Todas las escenas de este video son improvisadas. Vía +Miguel Ángel Moro﻿
3 that I feel should be on this list: 1). "On the Waterfront" - Marlon Brando picking up her glove 2). "Animal House" - John Belushi smashing the guitar on the stairs 3). "Pretty Woman" - Richard Gere snapping the jewel case on her hand
Very interesting :D
O que seria de Hollywood sem o improviso. O video contém 25 cenas que não estavam no script, inclusive a cena do Coringa parando, olhando para trás e apertando o controle quando nem todas as bombas explodem no hospital de Gotham.﻿
I love you man doesn't have Seth Rogen in it, so whoever told me that....yea your an idiot. It's Knocked Up when they go to Vegas.
Michael Madsen, not Madisen.
@shaftz0r they were supposed to be talking but the words just didn't sound right. The actor started singing the song on his own accord and Kubrick liked it.
um, he was singing "singing in the rain" during the robbery in the book.... derp....
Todas las escenas de este video son improvisadas. Vía +Miguel Ángel Moro﻿
what was the ost in "saving private ryan" scene?
favorite scene from full metal jacket!!! LOL couldnt stop laugihng
favorite scene from full metal jacket!!! LOL couldnt stop laugihng
clockwork orange forever <3
R. Lee Ermey was a USMC drill instructor who Kubrick hired as a consultant to help on the film but the director liked him so much he cast him in place of the other actor. So basically, he is playing himself in all those scenes.
That's not 40 year old virgin. It's knocked up. 
 man, i've got some movies i still need to see.﻿
Had no idea the usual suspects lineup scene was improvised. Love that scene! :) Also, full metal jacket wins, hands down. Good choice for the top spot!
@SeanFett Troll
25 Great Scenes in Film that actually were not scripted, but rather, improvised.﻿
GIMME THE FUCKING KEYS COCKSUCKA MOTHAFUCKA JFDJHKHJHGJ hahahahaha very good!
The Warriors was the best!!! :)
Good morning vietnam?
@4:07 The Shinning was an okay film, I guess.
@yellowcougar18 from what ive heard the day that scene was shot Ford was very ill when shooting the scene so he wouldnt have to be so physical..so he improvised and Spielberg liked and kept it in the film.
Wasn't a lot of Daniel Plainview's dialogue in There Will Be Blood improvised by Daniel Day-Lewis? I know the speeches that he gave to the towns were at least.
what about the how am i funny scene from goodfellas
Watching Matt Damon pretend to laugh is truly cringe worthy. And they included him this top 25 twice! Bad choices.
Wasn't the part in Godfather where Marlon Brando picks up the cat also unscripted?
﻿
@yellowcougar18 I thought it was done to hasten the scene because Ford had a case of "delhi belly"....?
﻿
﻿
﻿
25 Filmszenen die so nicht geplant waren. Auch Batman dabei. Interessant. War Leadger einfych wirklich irre? :D﻿
correct me if i'm wrong, but weren't there a lot of parts in "Spaceballs" that were unscripted? gotta b somethin good in there
When Darth Vader tells Luke that he is his father, the rest of Mark Hamil's dialog and acting in that scene was unscripted.
Watch﻿
Great clips, thanks!
i dont understand what made some of these 'the greatest' improvisations ever. most were not special at all but happened to be in iconic movies
come ON...Joe Pesci's "what you're sayin' from Goodfellas is clearly top three material
43 people dont look much like steers to me
@yellowcougar18 i already let him know
Many parts in Judd Apatow films are unscripted riffing by the actors. You also cant forget to include the line "How about I take you back to my place and... eat your pussy." From the movie Shark Attack 3.
This is just AWESOME!!!
4:31 wow this is awesome :D
Looks like you'll have to do a part 2 of this video...
@Raabamillo Drill Instructors are that funny in real life I remember in bootcamp there was a guy named Koochie or something like that holy shit it was hard trying not laugh while they made fun of him.
GIMME DA FUCKIN' KEYS YOU FUCKIN' COCKSUCKER.
You MISSED the drunk scene early in Apocalypse Now, where Martin Sheen is actually more than just drunk and started beating the set OUTSIDE filming, so Coppola would turn on some cameras... XD 
Grandioso!!!﻿
I liked Alyson Hannigan's "Say my name!" line from the first American Pie. That was improvised. 
25 most famous unscripted scenes - Only great actors can make the most legendary scene of a film be an improv﻿
25 most famous unscripted scenes - Only great actors can make the most legendary scene of a film be an improv﻿
I'll bet any amount of money Ermey was trying to crack up the guy he was yelling at. CABdosdos is right, though. Next time somebody says that any idiot can act, remember that in Howard Stern's movie, Stern himself was adequate, but Paul Giamatti was friggin hilarious.
Goes to show you can't script a great film. You can only act a great film.
This compilation goes to show the brilliance of actors and how they can act on the whim, making for some of the best lines in cinematic history.
If the whole drill instructor scene is unscripted how the HELL did any of those actors keep from laughing???
You gotta love Full Metal Jacket 
@CliffyGiffy One of my all time fav movies!
@CliffyGiffy One of my all time fav movies!
Robert de Niro stole the "You talking to me" line from Springsteen. Proof? watch here: watch?v=CbvB5HSIf4I @ 2.40. "Apparently, De Niro had attended a Springsteen concert, I'm guessing in 1975. In response to the audience yelling "Bruuuuuuuuuuuuuuce", Bruce responded "Are you talking to me?". At the time, this was part of Bruce's routine, particularly during frequent encore performances of Eddie Floyd's 'Raise Your Hand'," 
25 Greatest Unscripted Scenes in Films 25 Greatest Unscripted Scenes in Films﻿
how could you have forgotten the whole movies "the last airbender" and "dragonball; evolution"?
Why forsake your fellowindians meeen!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
@MisterDogshit How about Papyrus? ;o)
@SuperSiegeBros Well, they made the mistake of showing how they extinguish the flames afterwards.
@spinxsi Could be they started improvised but where half or fully redone.
﻿
If this was the 25 greatest unscripted scenes from TV, they'd all be from Curb Your Enthusiasm
@dkerris Get it on blu ray. Even more amazing.
All 25 of these scenes were improvised.﻿
*25 Greatest Unscripted Scenes in Films - So much awesomess!*"We're gonna need a bigger boat" and "I know" are classics, but I think my favorite is the Saving Private Ryan one... True raw emotion on film. Or maybe Bladerunner. Or The Shining... Damnit, can't choose! Can you? What's your favorite scene?﻿
5:52
I have an issue with number 1. It may not have been in the movie script but it's straight out of the drill sergeants handbook and I guarantee gunny used it on the real marines he trained.
"You're gonna need a bigger boat.."﻿
What about the infamous scene from "Spinal Tap" about the amps that go to 11? Thats too classic not to put on here. Other than that, great list
I got to get a DVD of Blade Runner. That scene is the cherry on top of a great movie. IMO.
Escenas "improvisadas".. Buenisima la de Cowboy a Medianoche xD﻿
Todas las escenas de este video son improvisadas. Vía +Miguel Ángel Moro﻿
Las 25 mejores escenas improvisadas.﻿
Todas las escenas de este video son improvisadas. Vía +Miguel Ángel Moro﻿
Apparently Gene Kelly, famous for singing Singing in the rain, was once introduced to a young Malcolm McDowell. He walked away from McDowell without giving him a handshake, so angry was he at that scene.
@Industriallity That's the power of Rutger Hauer. He was also Batman Begins. He's not in enough movies. Seriously, he can play quiet, sympathetic character beaten down by life, or the psychopath who gives everyone nightmares.
22 is knocked up, not 40 year old virgin. figure it out
@GlenBird That does not count, since it was scripted. Improvisation means that one or many more actors were not in on the improv. While they did script a scene for the swordsman, Harrison Ford approached Spielberg with an idea, and so they threw out the old script, and rewrote the scene. That is not improv, but rather a rewrite.
﻿
I think the improvised dialogue from Matthew Lillard In SLC Punk! should be on here. The scene where he's telling Bob "This will never be my home". Awesome improvisation.
@LosMiniDrivers Who care of a kid movie ? Nobody except... kids.
4:16 I'm teary-eyed
Todas las escenas de este video son improvisadas. Vía +Miguel Ángel Moro﻿
In the saving private ryan scene you can see Tom Hanks looking off to a director or someone and then slightly nodding in approval to continue
Also forgotten, probably the most famous end in cinema history, "Some like it hot" and its "NOBODY IS PERFECT...". It was also improvised, they didn't know how to finish and that quote was part of a famous joke at that time.
Las 25 escenas de improvisación más famosas del cine.﻿
Todas las escenas de este video son improvisadas. Vía +Miguel Ángel Moro﻿
Algunas de estas me han sorprendido de verdad :)﻿
really a good video
Todas las escenas de este video son improvisadas. Vía +Miguel Ángel Moro﻿
Обалдеть, не знал что это всё импровизация﻿
﻿
Todas las escenas de este video son improvisadas. Vía +Miguel Ángel Moro﻿
Todas las escenas de este video son improvisadas. Vía +Miguel Ángel Moro﻿
hrmmm...not sold they were all unscripted or improvised
Todas las escenas de este video son improvisadas. Vía +Miguel Ángel Moro﻿
Todas las escenas de este video son improvisadas. Vía +Miguel Ángel Moro﻿
The scene of Joe Pesci in goodfellas
The scene of Joe Pesci in goodfellas
Todas las escenas de este video son improvisadas. Vía +Miguel Ángel Moro﻿
wanna hear an anoying sound? AEEEEEEEEEEEEEAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAEE
25 grandes escenas que no contaron con guión: http://youtu.be/cTFQBHBeleE﻿
Todas las escenas de este video son improvisadas. Vía +Miguel Ángel Moro﻿
@robotrock42 oh, okay. my bad then.
@GlenBird it wasn't unscripted ford suggested it so they decided to do it wasn't when they were rolling the camera when he decided to do it because the actor that got shot reacted he didn't go why did he shoot a gun and not sword fight there is a difference 
Great Madsen, so great.
Todas las escenas de este video son improvisadas. Vía +Miguel Ángel Moro﻿
Todas las escenas de este video son improvisadas. Vía +Miguel Ángel Moro﻿
@yomismane True. I spoke too soon, and didn't watch it with the annotations the first time. Thanks for the clarification giving me incentive to watch it again.
Todas las escenas de este video son improvisadas. Vía +Miguel Ángel Moro﻿
Todas las escenas de este video son improvisadas. Vía +Miguel Ángel Moro﻿
Todas las escenas de este video son improvisadas. Vía +Miguel Ángel Moro﻿
Todas las escenas de este video son improvisadas. Vía +Miguel Ángel Moro﻿
Todas las escenas de este video son improvisadas. Vía +Miguel Ángel Moro﻿
Todas las escenas de este video son improvisadas. Vía +Miguel Ángel Moro﻿
I can't f***ing believe that this 4:12 was improvised!
25 grandes escenas que no contaron con guión: http://youtu.be/cTFQBHBeleE﻿
The army instructor scene in Full Metal Jacket is not unscripted. Watch A Life In Pictures Stanley Kubrick to hear it from Ermey himself. 
@TheFly1 That's a good point, but the scene was still effectively "unscripted", and that is the title of your video, not "Improvised On Camera".
The Malkovich one made me spray my drink everywhere.
Simplemente magistral(es).﻿
You left one. Harry Potter and the chamber of secrets. Malfoy: I hope Mr Potter will be here to save the world again... Harry: Don't worry... I will. This wasn't in the script too.
@TieLandProductions : I think you'll find that it WAS improvised on the spot. Ford did it as a joke, and the director liked it so much that he used that take in the final cut.
I find Matt Damon's acting at 2:55 really bad. Extremely unconvincing...
*25 Greatest Unscripted Scenes in Films - So much awesomess!*"We're gonna need a bigger boat" and "I know" are classics, but I think my favorite is the Saving Private Ryan one... True raw emotion on film. Or maybe Bladerunner. Or The Shining... Damnit, can't choose! Can you? What's your favorite scene?﻿
At least half of these were clearly scripted. They might have been suggested by the actor prior to shooting the scene, but improv means on the spot, and saying these were all improvised is bullshit.
Whoa, the scene in the Blade Runner is even more brilliant (as if it's even possible) than I originally thought!!
Dog Day Afternoon - "Wyoming" Yankee Doodle Dandy - James Cagney dancing down the stairs
Le scene selezionate non erano scritte nel copione come le si vede nei film da cui sono tratte, ma sono il risultato di un’improvvisazione estemporanea degli attori coinvolti. (Nei sottotitoli del video, l’autore spiega per ogni scena qual è l’elemento di improvvisazione).http://www.ilpost.it/2011/08/17/venticinque-gradi-scene-improvvisate/﻿
I am Walking Here!!! actually is on the script, Jerome Hellman teh producer on the film say that in the DVD Extras
Also: all of the phone conversations in His Girl Friday. That one scene with Cary Grant has more cultural impact that most of these, though i have to admit, it's a great list, especially all the research that went into it. good job sir, i salute your endevour.
That was intenseWarning: Strong Language (but so good/so classic)25 Greatest Unscripted Scenes in Films﻿
R. Lee Erney was allowed by Kubrick to improvise all his lines because he used to be an actual Drill Sergeant in the military. Erney even had to explain some expressions to Kubrick, like what a "reach around" is.
@neonoir77 um, it's from Knocked Up. They do the same "you know you're gay" from 40 Year Old Virgin in Knocked Up as well
@GlenBird I think it's because that scene wasn't improvised on the spot. Harrison Ford suggested it, the director loved the idea, and THEN they did it.
@withrowag uhhh, no it's not..........
best one is when indiana jones shoots the sword guy in RotLA
Awesome - unscripted scenes in films (I think you'll get most of them): http://youtu.be/cTFQBHBeleE﻿
@GlenBird Because it wasn't improvised as the cameras were rolling. The ones listed here were "on the spot" improvisations. 
these improvs are amazing.. great actors.
Great selection.
For Matt Damon's hardcore laughing in the fart scene, he was actually laughing at something else. It's in the commentary. They said something about lighting a match one night when she farted, and Matt asked "Is that how she died?" That's why you don't see his face when he says "She woke herself up?!" 
How could you forget Indiana Jones shooting the swordsman in "Raiders of the Lost Ark"? 
One I like, which may or may not be in the comments already but I don't want to look through them all, is in The Philadelphia Story where Jimmy Stewart and Cary Grant are talking and Jimmy's character hiccups while drinking some champagne (or some such drink). The hiccup itself wasn't scripted, and it made Cary Grant smile/laugh, but they kept the laugh in because the director didn't want to go again, and because it kind of worked. 
@withrowag my bad
@biddulphh are you kidding?? it's the scene in Knocked Up when Rudd and Rogen are driving to Vegas, where they eventually do shrooms. for more proof, Rogen has a ridiculously unkempt beard in 40-Year-Old Virgin, which is conspicuously missing from the clip above. the original "You Know How I Know You're Gay?" riff between these two took place in 40-Year-Old Virgin, but number 22 in the above clip is from Knocked Up.
I had a feeling R Lee Ermey improvised those lines 
I had a feeling R Lee Ermey improvised those lines 
I think adding the "Here's looking at you kid" line really stretches the meaning of "unscripted." 
What about when Princess Leia tells Han Solo she loves him and he responds with "I know."? Wasn't that unscripted?
*25 Greatest Unscripted Scenes in Films - So much awesomess!*"We're gonna need a bigger boat" and "I know" are classics, but I think my favorite is the Saving Private Ryan one... True raw emotion on film. Or maybe Bladerunner. Or The Shining... Damnit, can't choose! Can you? What's your favorite scene?﻿
*25 Greatest Unscripted Scenes in Films - So much awesomess!*"We're gonna need a bigger boat" and "I know" are classics, but I think my favorite is the Saving Private Ryan one... True raw emotion on film. Or maybe Bladerunner. Or The Shining... Damnit, can't choose! Can you? What's your favorite scene?﻿
@randomjunk1977 I heard that the reason they all started cracking up was because one of the guys ripped one, but since they kept going they left it in and just edited out the noise. :) Maybe an urban legend though.
Last one, I promise.﻿
25 escenas improvisadas﻿
The guys laughing in The Usual Suspects at the delivery of the "keys" line was not in the script. The actors were trying to keep a straight face but kept cracking up. The director, Brian Singer, opted to use the suspects laughing as it highlighted their disrespect for the cops.
im surprised the clockwork orange scene was unscripted because him im singing in the rain was kinda a crucial element cause thats how the writer remembered him later cause he was singing it in the tub
It's a Wonderful Life - Drunk and happy, Uncle Billy (Thomas Mitchell) exits the scene outside his sister's house leaving George on-screen alone. What follows is the greatest unscripted moment of film. A stage-hand tipped over a crate of film canisters or something else appropriately loud enough to ruin a shot. But Thomas Mitchell, the ever-graceful Thomas Mitchell, had chops enough to shout "I'm all right! I'm all right!" His timing is perfect and you'd never know there'd been a mistake.
nice!
I love "The Shinning" (sic)
To be fair,the dialogue of THE 40-YEAR-OLD VIRGIN was all imrpovised.
@vonville. The Jaws WWII speech was a hybrid of 2 monologues the writers did that the actor pieced together himself. And you right. He was so drunk the first time he shot it, he was so upset by his performance, he begged Spielberg for another shot & nailed it in one take.
@Mrholzfeller It From "The Usual Suspects" Hope that helps 
This is just awesome on so many levels.﻿
Doesn't have Quint from Jaws telling the WWII story about his ship getting destroyed and the survivors in the ocean getting eating by sharks. Word has it that Robert Shaw was drunk through most of filming and made up the story after reading about a similar event.
What about the doll scene with Dark Helmet in Spaceballs?
can anyone tell me from which movie is the scenario on 2:01. Thank you
@cinemalego haha yeah and it would be dominated by recent comedies, the improv goes way too far now adays 
@lukeedwardsimmons It wasn't improvised. They originally had a fight scene, but Harrison Ford was feeling sick and couldn't do the entire fight. So they instead re-scripted it that he shoots the guy instead of sword fighting with him. They just altered the script and everyone knew what was going to happen, so it wasn't a spontaneous improvisation like all the ones on this video.
*25 Greatest Unscripted Scenes in Films - So much awesomess!*"We're gonna need a bigger boat" and "I know" are classics, but I think my favorite is the Saving Private Ryan one... True raw emotion on film. Or maybe Bladerunner. Or The Shining... Damnit, can't choose! Can you? What's your favorite scene?﻿
The "how am I funny" scene was scripted and directed by Pesci, but it wasn't "improvised" in any way
What about the "How am i funny?" scene from Goodfellas. That's one of the most famous movie scenes ever, and that was improvised. I was so surprised not to find it on here.
*25 Greatest Unscripted Scenes in Films - So much awesomess!*"We're gonna need a bigger boat" and "I know" are classics, but I think my favorite is the Saving Private Ryan one... True raw emotion on film. Or maybe Bladerunner. Or The Shining... Damnit, can't choose! Can you? What's your favorite scene?﻿
You forgot Pesci in Goodfellas. "How am I funny?" sequence. Fail.
@shogunblade it definitely was improvised. jon voight has mentioned this in many interviews.
*25 Greatest Unscripted Scenes in Films - So much awesomess!*"We're gonna need a bigger boat" and "I know" are classics, but I think my favorite is the Saving Private Ryan one... True raw emotion on film. Or maybe Bladerunner. Or The Shining... Damnit, can't choose! Can you? What's your favorite scene?﻿
uhhh 22 is from Knocked Up, not 40-Year-Old Virgin.
I've always heard that "I'm Walkin' Here!" from "Midnight Cowboy" was always scripted, but was supposed to be acted as though it was unscripted. I can't confirm that, I've just heard that over the years. If anyone knows I'm right (or Wrong), please say so, I've just heard one story that's a little different.
@james1471 if it was improvised i think it would be a little bit better
Didn't expect so many Kubrick-films.
@tredlow I agree but then I see it all the time people don't know how to add a suffix to a root word!
*25 Greatest Unscripted Scenes in Films - So much awesomess!*"We're gonna need a bigger boat" and "I know" are classics, but I think my favorite is the Saving Private Ryan one... True raw emotion on film. Or maybe Bladerunner. Or The Shining... Damnit, can't choose! Can you? What's your favorite scene?﻿
@cinemalego All of Knocked Up.
Apparently Heath Ledger also improvised joining in on the clapping when Gordon was appointed commissioner. 
Wow... you missed what is highly regarded and one of the "Greatest Unscripted Scenes In Film"... the Harrison Ford shoots the Swordsman scene in Raiders. 
Fantastic clips...R. Lee Ermey is the essence of winning! via cinemablend.com...﻿
Really enjoying this little compilation today:﻿
Ad libbing at it's best in Films.﻿
*25 Greatest Unscripted Scenes in Films - So much awesomess!*"We're gonna need a bigger boat" and "I know" are classics, but I think my favorite is the Saving Private Ryan one... True raw emotion on film. Or maybe Bladerunner. Or The Shining... Damnit, can't choose! Can you? What's your favorite scene?﻿
@frasierfreak92 If I remember reading correctly, the "consultation" was Ford looking over at Spielberg and saying "Can't I just shoot him?" Spielberg paused and said, "...Yeah, I guess you can." Sure, it wasn't spur-of-the-moment, but it wasn't in the script and it was on a whim.
*25 Greatest Unscripted Scenes in Films - So much awesomess!*"We're gonna need a bigger boat" and "I know" are classics, but I think my favorite is the Saving Private Ryan one... True raw emotion on film. Or maybe Bladerunner. Or The Shining... Damnit, can't choose! Can you? What's your favorite scene?﻿
*25 Greatest Unscripted Scenes in Films - So much awesomess!*"We're gonna need a bigger boat" and "I know" are classics, but I think my favorite is the Saving Private Ryan one... True raw emotion on film. Or maybe Bladerunner. Or The Shining... Damnit, can't choose! Can you? What's your favorite scene?﻿
*25 Greatest Unscripted Scenes in Films - So much awesomess!*"We're gonna need a bigger boat" and "I know" are classics, but I think my favorite is the Saving Private Ryan one... True raw emotion on film. Or maybe Bladerunner. Or The Shining... Damnit, can't choose! Can you? What's your favorite scene?﻿
"I bet you're the kind of guy that would fuck a person in the ass and not even have the goddamn common courtesy to give him a reach-around. I'll be watching you. "
"I bet you're the kind of guy that would fuck a person in the ass and not even have the goddamn common courtesy to give him a reach-around. I'll be watching you. "
*25 Greatest Unscripted Scenes in Films - So much awesomess!*"We're gonna need a bigger boat" and "I know" are classics, but I think my favorite is the Saving Private Ryan one... True raw emotion on film. Or maybe Bladerunner. Or The Shining... Damnit, can't choose! Can you? What's your favorite scene?﻿
Wait!... That's not in the script. - 25 Greatest Unscripted Scenes in Films http://t.co/mNTYODL via @WIOD @JimmyCefalo﻿
*25 Greatest Unscripted Scenes in Films - So much awesomess!*"We're gonna need a bigger boat" and "I know" are classics, but I think my favorite is the Saving Private Ryan one... True raw emotion on film. Or maybe Bladerunner. Or The Shining... Damnit, can't choose! Can you? What's your favorite scene?﻿
*25 Greatest Unscripted Scenes in Films - So much awesomess!*"We're gonna need a bigger boat" and "I know" are classics, but I think my favorite is the Saving Private Ryan one... True raw emotion on film. Or maybe Bladerunner. Or The Shining... Damnit, can't choose! Can you? What's your favorite scene?﻿
*25 Greatest Unscripted Scenes in Films - So much awesomess!*"We're gonna need a bigger boat" and "I know" are classics, but I think my favorite is the Saving Private Ryan one... True raw emotion on film. Or maybe Bladerunner. Or The Shining... Damnit, can't choose! Can you? What's your favorite scene?﻿
*25 Greatest Unscripted Scenes in Films - So much awesomess!*"We're gonna need a bigger boat" and "I know" are classics, but I think my favorite is the Saving Private Ryan one... True raw emotion on film. Or maybe Bladerunner. Or The Shining... Damnit, can't choose! Can you? What's your favorite scene?﻿
*25 Greatest Unscripted Scenes in Films - So much awesomess!*"We're gonna need a bigger boat" and "I know" are classics, but I think my favorite is the Saving Private Ryan one... True raw emotion on film. Or maybe Bladerunner. Or The Shining... Damnit, can't choose! Can you? What's your favorite scene?﻿
*25 Greatest Unscripted Scenes in Films - So much awesomess!*"We're gonna need a bigger boat" and "I know" are classics, but I think my favorite is the Saving Private Ryan one... True raw emotion on film. Or maybe Bladerunner. Or The Shining... Damnit, can't choose! Can you? What's your favorite scene?﻿
I think you misspelled 'shining'. 'The Shinning' is a Simpsons Halloween segment.
Did not include Raiders of the Lost Ark. List is negated. Though the rest is pretty cool.
1:28 LOL .... after the explosion , you can see machine dropping water
No Mike Leigh films? =/
How in the hell could you not have Indiana Jones vs the swordsman in this list?
No butter scene from Last Tango in Paris?
the taxi scene is brilliant
Talking to me (Scarface) :)
@martnik Actually that's Michael Palin ;) But I agree. I love that ad lib.
@ElTuco84 And any of Brando's scenes from Apocalypse Now.
Aliens??? Everyone I know makes fun of that line, not believes it to be great improv. Paxton is not convincing at all.
WARRIORS! Fuck yes.
Nice!﻿
Where's True Romance and Goodfellas?
A great compilation. Some foul language, so it's not exactly SFW.﻿
R. Lee Ermey should just have his name legally changed to Drill Sergeant.
lol! didn't know so much was unscripted in movies! luckily i am no actor!!
excellent list﻿
Wait!... That's not in the script. - 25 Greatest Unscripted Scenes in Films http://t.co/mNTYODL via @WIOD @JimmyCefalo﻿
Where's the Raiders Of The Lost Ark swordfighter scene? That is one of the greatest unscripted scenes of all time!
I only made it 2 min. into this, but I've seen enough to know that Hollywood actors need scripts really REALLY BAD.
Jim Carey's "We landed on the moon!" should be on this list. Might be the best improved scene in any film.
wat was de last movie's name?
You can't write this stuff...﻿
25 Greatest Unscripted Scenes in FilmKeep annotations on for info.25 Greatest Unscripted Scenes in Films﻿
All the captions say is, "this was improvised." 
Never knew about these﻿
@zutharsan oh you have already posted the goof up 
No. 22 is not "40 year old virgin", it is "Knocked up"
remarkable improvised acting in several famous movies you might have already seen.(via @mcwinkel)﻿
the JOKER !
Just goes to show how wonderful Heath was in the movie - even when the Explosives department onset stuffed up timing, Heath was sure to milk as much kooky fun out of it as much as possible.
in 4 good movies stanley kubrick let his actor improvised
excellent, didn't know about these at all
@robertsom Check out the expression on theface of the brown haired woman behind the taxi!
﻿
I was waiting for the ALIEN birth sequence. What a loss.
great #4, never knew that was improvised
great #4, never knew that was improvised
@martnik GOODFELLAS JOE PESCI "FUNNY HOW" WAS TOTALLY IMPROVISED READ ABOUT IT...!! 
this is pretty awesome ;)
What, no love for the "bring a gun to the sword-fight" bit in Raiders?
You're talkin to me?!﻿
How about Raiders of the Lost Arc, where Indy shoots the sword wielding dude, instead of battling him... Epic!
John Leguizamo aka Cholo in Land of the Dead improvised one of my fav lines in a Romero zombie flick: 'Hey Riley looks like god left the phone off the hook huh baby?' Classic.
﻿
if the annotations get stacked up on top of each other and get hard to read just turn them off and back on again. rinse and repeat if problem persists :)
Bullshit! I bet you could suck a golf ball through a garden hose!
American Beauty was another good one. When Annette Bening finds Kevin Spacey outside smoking weed, he answers her & smoke comes out of his mouth. He realizes it, starting laughing. His reaction was real. Unscripted. Wish it were here. But I love the list. Nicely done!
As a result of this - I will now go watch Reservoir Dogs...﻿
Makes me want to watch most of these movies again.﻿
@awsemo4000 Although it is a reference to 40 year old virgin, because seth rogen and paul rudd's characters in that were doing the exact same thing
Actually, the explosion scene with Heath Ledger wasn't unscripted. If you look at the making of, the delayed explosion was all scripted out to a queue. Professionals don't make those type of mistakes when there are lives on the line.
This is just wonderful.﻿
@ATOMICZOMBIE13 Your logic makes absolutely no sense. 
Kubrick asked Malcolm McDowell to sing a song. He only knew Singing In The Rain. Other great unscripted scenes.... the actors in Alien didn't know what was going to happen when the Alien first exploded from that guys stomach, and The Indianapolis scene in Jaws, which I saw mentioned somewhere below
"Like tears in the rain"....beter improvised line ever.Great stuff! Via +Daniel Herrera﻿
I'm not surprised that Robin Williams would improvise something. Hell, I'd be surprised if the reigning king of improv didn't go off script and improvise
there should be a 25 worst improvised scenes :P
Fantastic list, thanks!
@awesome220 Yeah, incorrect grammar. We get it. Get over it?
Iron Man should have been here, half of the best scenes were improvised.
@MonickerL Don't believe I heard that one before. Good to know!
5:41 i know him in person and he would not answer like that
25 diálogos improvisados en el cine.﻿
Tough to believe these scenes were unscripted. They're iconic. 25 Greatest Unscripted Scenes in Films﻿
Midnight Cowboy scene is the best one!
Saving Private Ryan is one of my favorite movies but I hate that part but I had no idea Matt Damon made all up, just one more reason not to like him I guess.
@martnik It's Michael Palin who said it, not Eric. 
IM Walking Here Best line
﻿
Make a part 2 please!!!!
what no Alec Baldwin but he's the greatest actor in the world???﻿
I am a little worried about Malcolm McDowell now x
@Gamezalot Indeed. I've only seen the whole movie twice, but I've watched that scene about a dozen times. That line is my favorite part.
Enterándome! igual les toca A1 n_n﻿
No Gary Oldman from Leon :(
Las 25 mejores escenas improvisadas de la historia del cine. GENIAL.﻿
That's knocked up not 40 year old virgin
1:23 "Heath's actions while it stopped was unscripted" "Actions...was" "was" 
If I could only own 25 movies for the rest of my life, this would be a pretty good movie collection.
Heath Ledgers was scripted. They rehearsed his exact moves 12 times prior. It was a one time only shot, so they had to... watch?v=UGh0Y3FXYZc&feature=player_detailpage#t=214s
Όταν οι ηθοποιοί παρακάμπτουν το σενάριο: οι 25 καλύτερες σκηνές αυτοσχεδιασμού στο σινεμά.﻿
There's an entirely unscripted scene in the film Gun Crazy when they drive towards the bank they're about the rob.
I watched the Usual Suspect scene like 15 times in a row 
I watched the Usual Suspect scene like 15 times in a row 
Pretty cool. Make sure you leave annotations on for explanations of the scenes.25 Greatest Unscripted Scenes in Films﻿
I love movies, and unscripted scenes are a great way to showcase an actors talent. I love videos like this. Check out the top 25 Greatest Unscripted Scenes in Films.﻿
Are you going to do another one? I've got one for you. The scene in "It's a Wonderful Life" where Uncle Billy drunkenly walks into a trashcan. That wasn't scripted, a stagehand accidentally dropped some things at that moment. Thomas Mitchell, the actor playing Uncle Billy went with it "I'm all right! I'm all right!" The stagehand got a $10 bonus and the scene was kept in because the director thought it was so funny.
"You talkin' to me" was inspired by Bruce Springsteen. De niro attended to one of his concert and the Boss used to said this sentence to the crowd.
"stoping"...
﻿
"gimme the fucking keys you fucking cock sucker motherfuckter ehhlallala" LMFAO I can watch that all day!
Why it's important to always allow room for improvisation: 25 Greatest Unscripted Scenes in Films﻿
@wilky1189 or Gary Oldman's "Beethoven speech" from Leon The Professional?
sea of love, pacino running after barkin down a new york st, hitting a pedestrian. unscripted?
This is great stuff﻿
Ummm, any list of improvised scenes that doesn't list "'Animal Crackers", and I mean he entire film, as number 1 is a list not worth having.
what about Marlon Brando in Apocalypse Now? the guy didn't even read the script...
"The 25 Greatest Unscripted Scenes In Films"http://bit.ly/qMWXQU﻿
25 escenas que no estaban en el guión 25 Greatest Unscripted Scenes in Films﻿
I think the scene from fight club where Tyler fights Lue (owner of the bar where fight club is held) should be in here too. that scene was almost totally improvised. 
A whole bunch of movies I never knew had iconic unscripted lines. (NSFW)﻿
25 Greatest Unscripted Scenes in Films: http://youtu.be/cTFQBHBeleE﻿
@awsemo4000 Same thing XD
Didn't even know most of these are unscripted considering much of these are some of my favorite movies.﻿
Smart actors ftmfw. 25 Greatest Unscripted Scenes in Films﻿
NSFW language here and there.﻿
Surely were missing the Indianapolis Scene from Jaws. Robert Shaw came up with it, wasn’t in the script. “You know the thing about a shark, he's got lifeless eyes, black eyes, like a doll's eye. When he comes at ya, doesn't seem to be livin'. Until he bites ya and those black eyes roll over white. And then, ah then you hear that terrible high pitch screamin' and the ocean turns red and spite of all the poundin' and the hollerin' they all come in and rip you to pieces” 
Here's a compilation of great unscripted scenes in films. There's a bunch of stuff missing, but overall it's a good one. You might have to mute some parts if you're at work, especially #1.﻿
NSFW language here and there.﻿
@martnik, Michael Palin actually said that line.
The how am i funny scene from Goodfellas was all unscripted and definitely should be up there. Good list though
Very cool.﻿
The 25 Great Unscripted Scenes in Film﻿
25 escenas fuera de Guion.. Excelentes la mayoria.si. si. lo saque de una nota de La nación, pero ellos lo sacaron de youtube.﻿
@MrUnionJackal I'm not claiming that. It's just in the script (which is free to read online by the way; easy to research that particular factoid).
25 Greatest Unscripted Scenes in Films﻿
Matt Damon's speech in Saving Private Ryan was forced piss poor acting. Saving Private Ryan got into hot water in scenes where they weren't blowing shit up.
Indiana Jones shooting the swordsman in the streets of Cairo (rather than fighting him with the whip/hand-to-hand) should be on here. There's no dialogue, but it's one of the greatest improvised scenes in the history of filmmaking. (And entirely unscripted - Harrison Ford was ill the day of shooting and just didn't feel like doing the fight, so he improvised.)
@shitsumeilegumovitch You're clearly a close, personal friend of Charlie Kaufman and John Malkovich, so I guess you'd know.
Heath Ledger also improvised the Joker clapping along with the other cops in the prison when Gordon is promoted to Commissioner.
NSFW language here and there.﻿
nice video man these are all great moviies [Comment via Fireviews]
A Supercut of Unscripted Scenes in Movieshttp://laughingsquid.com/a-supercut-of-unscripted-scenes-in-movies/﻿
Hold on. No mention of the "Whaddya mean I'm funny?" scene in Goodfellas This entire video is made pointless by leaving that out.
@awsemo4000 It wasn't.
4:35 Oh....so that's where Marty Jr. gets that line from in BTTF2 hahaha
Its amazing how insanely important lines from movies were actually unscripted or just added by the actors. Check this out, its enlightening.﻿
I once heard somewhere that all the improvising costed R. Lee Ermey a best supporting actor Oscar.
5:10 In back to the future 3 marty says at the mirror: You talkin to me tannen?? Well, im the only one here
Una aportación de FinisimosFilmes para el desestrese en la oficina!﻿
﻿
What about when Julia Roberts spit out her gum in "Pretty Woman"? Totally unscripted.
Being John Malkovich - WRONG - "Hey Malkovich, think fast!" and throwing the can - was FULLY scripted, and was in every draft of the script, all the way back to Charlie's completely insane first draft. And seriously, there is no way an extra would be allowed to do that. He would have been fired, charged with assault, and Malkovich would have walked off the film without a second thought.
@eklectric Wrong on both counts. The "Blade Runner" monologue is right there in the shooting script - except for the last few words, which is what RH added.
A Supercut of Unscripted Scenes in Movieshttp://laughingsquid.com/a-supercut-of-unscripted-scenes-in-movies/﻿
I didn't know half of these weren't scripted. “Warriors, come out to play”? That guy deserved a bonus,﻿
25 Greatest Unscripted Scenes in Films﻿
What about the entire Twilight film? Surely that was improvised on the spot...nothing else could explain the lame script throughout.
actually, Rutger Hauer's entire monologue at the end of Blade Runner was improvised. Also, Ford's "I know" line was because they'd had so many takes of that particular scene, that he got a little bored. ;) 
@obie224 umadbro?
Some great stuff in here. #6, the "tears in rain" speech from Blade Runner is probably my favorite scene in movie history.﻿
25 Greatest Unscripted Scenes in Films﻿
Simplemente magistral(es).﻿
25 unscripted movie scenes: http://youtu.be/cTFQBHBeleE﻿
A Supercut of Unscripted Scenes in Movieshttp://laughingsquid.com/a-supercut-of-unscripted-scenes-in-movies/﻿
WHAT THE FUCK??? HOW DID YOU MISS OUT THE SCENE FROM GOODFELLAS? FUNNY HOW.....
25 Greatest Unscripted Scenes in Films﻿
@tobicruz haha yeah i knew i had it wrong, too lazy to look it up unfortunately.
@holdthis : Famous story, but not true. Ford's stuntman explains in his new book that Spielberg came up with it (after it was sarcastically suggested by a producer) so that they could wrap up shooting at the location and get out, as they were all quite miserable there.
@holdthis : Not true. Ford's stuntman explains in his new book that Spielberg came up with it (after it was sarcastically suggested by a producer) so that they could wrap up shooting at the location and get out, as they were all quite miserable there.
One for the film buffs. Unscripted moments in classic film scenes.25 Greatest Unscripted Scenes in Films﻿
@dankay10 cirque de soleil
Pas mal ! :)﻿
﻿
awesome
Love the fantastic improvs!!﻿
That scene's not from 40-Year-Old Virgin, it's from Knocked Up.
The best ad lib of all time is in Monty Python's The meaning of life: Eric Idle - "But I didn't eat the salmon mousse!"
so i guess the reactions of the other actors in "the usual suspects" were real?
yeah im ok with r lee ermey being #1
@holdthis He had the shits.
R. Lee Ermey is great.
Great compilation... a few of these I still haven't seen yet - gotta get on that!
﻿
The scene from '40 Year Old Virgin' was actually from 'Knocked Up', it's the scene where they are driving to Vegas to watch Circus de Solais (not sure how it's spelt). They also do a similar unscripted scene in '40 Year Old Virgin' with te same two actors doing the same type of jokes. 
@smek2 i did not! that is hilarious
After the scene, Kubrick asked Ermey what a reach-around was.
Tenere i commenti attivati. Il cinema è anche improvvisazione. E queste 25 scene, ormai cult, lo dimostrano.﻿
That scene from the Warriors was improvised!? OMG I had no idea
@ConSmith1807 It's also worth noting the Erney's portrayal was based off a DI from his own days in boot camp.
@obie224 Sad person. Relax.
Emprovize oyunculuğun tavan yaptığı 25 sahne.. Kesinlikle izlenmeli!﻿
Great compilation. :) 
Some very good film improv's - Knew about Full Metal Jacket's R. Lee Ermey but there are a few surpriseshttp://youtu.be/cTFQBHBeleE﻿
I love movies.﻿
@disabledbob who the fuck asked you cunt ? how's about you take that enormous stick out of your ass and replace it with the usual cock ?
Awesomeness. I like how Bill Murray is in there twice.﻿
@obie224 You know, you really don't help your argument by being such an unhinged, elitist asshole. Do everyone a favor and go drown yourself in a toilet.
Leave the gun.....take the cannoli.﻿
Pretty interesting actually.....a bunch of famous lines that were either improvised on set, or added at the last minute﻿
A quick note and a bit of trivia: In The Usual Suspects scene shown, the "In English please" line was also supposed to have been unscripted, hence Benicio's reaction R. Lee Ermey originally got a part as trainer for the actors by sending in footage of himself yelling at people while being pelted by oranges and not losing concentration. He later got the part as the drill instructor, saying he wanted to whip the actors into shape
If I remember correctly, Hauer came up with the whole "tears in the rain" speech, not just the final line.
@pendejadafcc I think it's The Usual Suspects.
@SolidCorn OMFG now you're comparing that pile of shitty acting and overblown special effects to a fucking JOHN HUGHES MOVIE ?????? john hughes used to take a dump every morning and push out more quality than the entire harry potter series had !!! and then he FLUSHED IT. what the fuck is so hard about this concept to understand motherfucker ??? QUALITY MOVIES !! NOT PIECE OF SHIT MOVIES !!!!!
Watching this makes me appreciate the films (and everyone involved) more.﻿
@pendejadafcc Usual Suspects.
Pretty sure that 40yr old virgin clip was from Knocked Up
@obie224 Yes, how pathetic is it to have something associated with someones childhood. It's not like teens in the 80s didn't have John Hughes or teens in the 60s didn't have The Beatles. I'm done entertaining you and your lame trolling. 
LIST THE MOVIES PLEASE??? WHICH IS THE COCK SUCKA MUTH FUKK ONW LOL
How lines are delivered is always "improvised" in the sense that is being expressed here re: Joker, Usual Suspects etc. That's "acting".
In Star Trek 4 (the whales one), the woman's explanation of how to get to the "nuclear wessels" to chekov and uhura was apparently improvised (some say just her response, I've heard others say the entire scene was just people they grabbed off the street), granted doesn't really belong in a top 25 list, but still amusing
Heath Ledger's improv saved a lot of effort and money for the SFX team lol
There's another great scene in Kramer vs. Kramer where Dustin smashes a glass while at a cafe table with Meryl Streep, and Meryl's surprised reaction is genuine.
@KasplazmTV you said it bitch: "CHILDREN'S". which says a lot about you.
"The Shinning"? lolwat
@obie224 Oh shut the fuck up. Half-baked my ass. Like all children's fantasy stories, it's fucking fantasy. But really, you need to tone down all that dick-sucking. Your dog may get a blister.
@OeditpusRex In fact, in the scene when Dr. Strangelove speaks on living in mine shafts after nuclear annihilation, if you pause the DVD you can see actors in the background trying not to break up — particularly Peter Bull (the Soviet Ambassador), who starts to lose it when Strangelove's arm shoots out in a Nazi salute. Also, when Gen. Turgidson falls, rolls, pops up and keeps talking as if nothing happened, that was accidental but played so well by George C. Scott that it was left in.
Re: #17--I don't think you can improvise delivery. When you change the delivery of a line it's not called improvisation it's called acting. 
i would add The Quick and the Dead's scene where Gene Hackman slaps Sharon Stone with his gloves. It was not in the script and Sharon's reaction was too real. Hahaha. :-) 
• Wiki sez "Midnight Cowboy" producer Jerome Hellman said on the DVD extras that the "I'm walkin' here!" bit was scripted, but filmed to look like it wasn't. Hoffman, however, said otherwise on "Inside the Actors' Studio." • Peter Sellers improvised a lot of lines by all three of his "Dr. Strangelove" characters, including most of President Merkin Muffley's phone conversation with Soviet Premier Kissoff and Group Capt. Mandrake's "You see, Jack, the string in my leg's gone." (more)
top one definitely deserved it.
@SolidCorn GO WATCH SOME MORE HARRY POTTER AND TELL YOURSELF THAT THE FILM WILL "GROW UP WITH YOU" (lmao how pathetic is that) YOU LOSER. THEN GO JERK OFF WHILE SODOMIZING YOURSELF WITH A MAGIC WAND.
@obie224 How am I the illiterate one when you can't even properly write? And why are you using British slang when you're from the states? 
I can't believe some of them were improvised! That "tears in the rain" for example...
@SolidCorn i didn't say DEEP you illiterate cunt, i said QUALITY. not surprising that you don't know the difference though. fucking dumb twat, this video has quotes from some of the most important films of all time and stupid bitches like you think motherfucking harry potter is even in the same universe. what the fuck is next, a quote from teenage mutant ninja turtles: the movie ??? or maybe twilight ?? go die in a fire with the rest of the retards you loser. 
‘Wait a minute, wait a minute, you ain’t heard nothin’ yet!’ Umm, what about Al Jolson in "The Jazz Singer"? (Not to mention the utterly riveting "Blue Skies" scene later...)
25 Greatest Unscripted Scenes in Films﻿
@obie224 Because quality films must be HURR DURR DEEEP. The Harry Potter films were designed to grow up with its audience. You've obviously taken trolling 101. 
@KasplazmTV i think it's implied that these moments are from QUALITY films, not some half baked piece of shit children's story that was written and filmed for 12 year old girls. you suck, your example sucks, and most of all, harry potter SUCKS, so get the fuck out of here with your bullshit faggotry.
@obie224 Wow, you're a sad strange little man. She was just trying to add to the video. That was unscripted, which is COMPLETELY relevant to the video. I guess you're just stressed after sucking your dog's cock all day, "obie".
heath ledgerrrrrrrrrrrr
A formal apology to all writers, crew members, actors, and anyone else whose had the big "?" over their head during productions.﻿
the "Steers and Queers" line was used first in 1982 in "An Officer and A Gentleman" people seem to forget that,,great video btw!
@timerider4 I think that if you had Ermey in your face screaming at you, you would probably be afraid that if you laughed he would disintegrate you on the spot with a stream of obscenities. 
@internetwizzardify yeah, I heard in one of the docs that Lucas couldn't find the right line for that part - they tried so many different things and then after forever Ford said 'I know' and that was it. Gotta give your talent room to 'be' the character! :)
﻿
A Supercut of Unscripted Scenes in Movieshttp://laughingsquid.com/a-supercut-of-unscripted-scenes-in-movies/﻿
4:04 hahahahha!! I can't stop laughing too
I need re-watch some of these movies. minus casablenca.﻿
@JumperGirl86 like most harry potter fans, you're a retard, so just go away.
I love how most of the lines are some of the most iconic/quoted lines in film history. 
﻿
A Supercut of Unscripted Scenes in Movieshttp://laughingsquid.com/a-supercut-of-unscripted-scenes-in-movies/﻿
@JumperGirl86 WHAT IN THE FUCK ARE YOU BRINGING THAT SHIT MOVIE INTO THIS FOR ????
@StrangeMuseMovies Bah, until kids are literally always using computers in schools and not using pens and paper i think we should stick to cursive, it's kinda stupid not to really. It's quicker to write in cursive, generally you cover less space with more content and it's much much harder to forge someones handwriting in cursive too, but that's not exactly the most important thing, just noting. I'm the opposite of you, i've not written 'unjoined' for such a long time now, that i can't do it.
@StrangeMuseMovies Bah, until kids are literally always using computers in schools and not using pens and paper i think we should stick to cursive, it's kinda stupid not to really. It's quicker to write in cursive, generally you cover less space with more content and it's much much harder to forge someones handwriting in cursive too, but that's not exactly the most important thing, just noting. I'm the opposite of you, i've not written 'unjoined' for such a long time now, that i can't do it.
From one of the comments (which I think is one of the BEST scenes in all of the Indy movies and not included here): The scene in Raiders of the Lost Ark where Indiana Jones just shoots the guy with the sword in the marketplace was improvised as well. He wasn't feeling good, and didn't want to do the whole planned fight scene.﻿
A Supercut of Unscripted Scenes in Movieshttp://laughingsquid.com/a-supercut-of-unscripted-scenes-in-movies/﻿
@Jamin25G You can look up any of these and find more info on them.
Pretty high on the cool factor.﻿
At the end of Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets, Jason Isaacs(Lucius Malfoy) thought there needed to be an exit line so he said "Let us hope Mr. Potter is always around to save the day" and 12yr old Daniel Radcliffe stepped up and said "Don't worry. I will be"
@holdthis surprised they totally missed that.. FAILURE!!!
yh full metal jacket had tht hands down
﻿
Uhm, where did you get the information from that all these scenes were improvised, mewlists? I find it in most cases hard to believe...
"25 Great Scenes in Film"? in Hollywood you mean. Not even the greatest. Midnight Cowboy and Taxi Driver were the best moments. But the films of Ken Loach and Mike Leigh are largely improvised. Hell, even Ken Russell.. he doesn't tell the actors to do anything! SO americentric! What about Ferreri's "Don't Touch The White WOman" and "Dillinger Is Dead"? for example. but... HEY! what about Gummo and Cassavettes' "Shadows" and you forgot the redneck cop in "Easy Rider". So sick!
I think my favorite was the Dark Knight clip. The rest I more or less knew about, but that was a surprise.﻿
how about "fuck you leslie" from monster? classic. :) hahaha
That scene was not from 40-Year-Old Virgin, but from Knocked Up.
Anthony Hopkins gave me shivers.
I'm not sure how true this "25 greatest unscripted scenes in film" is. But I liked watching it.25 Greatest Unscripted Scenes in Films﻿
Wow, if the dialog in FMJ was improvised, how did the soldiers standing there keep a straight face?
bill murray admiration continues
Good shit right here...﻿
@MisterBreezer Since computers became ubiquitous, especially after the internet became common, cursive has been dying. It was very common when I was growing up in school. I used it all the time, everyone did. Now I have to work at reading it because I'm so out of practice. I've heard that many schools have stopped even teaching it.
@lucrezaborgia Obviously not though buddy, i had no problems reading the text on the video, unlike you. I agree it's inappropriate for the video, the font especially, i was simply stating that Americans seem to have problems with cursive, at least from what i've experienced.
Harry Potter. Lucius Malfoy "and I suppose you'll always be around to save the day." Harry Potter (improvised by Dan) "Don't worry. I will be."
@plasmathunderdx The Marines have Drill Instructors, Drill Sergeants are in the Army. R. Lee Ermey was also a Drill Instructor in the movie "The Boys in Company C" which drew the attention of Stanley Kubrick. There is not a single Marine I know that doesn't get a laugh out of Full Metal Jacket. I've seen this movie dozens of times and I still laugh my ass off.
Thank you, for making this. Great. 
A Supercut of Unscripted Scenes in Movieshttp://laughingsquid.com/a-supercut-of-unscripted-scenes-in-movies/﻿
Rutger Haur is invincible.
Quand l'improvisation sur le tournage apporte toute leur richesse à certains films, ça donne ça (ok, certaines scènes moins "cultes" que d'autres) :﻿
The scene in Raiders of the Lost Ark where Indiana Jones just shoots the guy with the sword in the marketplace was improvised as well. He wasn't feeling good, and didn't want to do the whole planned fight scene.
Game over man.Great improv on the taxi thing tho.
I need to rewatch a few movies now.﻿
@MisterBreezer I can read cursive perfectly fine. It's not an appropriate font to use for this type of media however. Especially at this small size. I can't try to figure out the movie name AND watch the notations AND watch the clip all at once with cursive font. 
You're missing the tap-dancing/ukulele scene from Blue Valentine!! (Ryan Gosling and Michelle Williams)
A Supercut of Unscripted Scenes in Movieshttp://laughingsquid.com/a-supercut-of-unscripted-scenes-in-movies/﻿
That wasn't a scene from the 40 Year Old Virgin, that was a deleted scene from Knocked Up
For the last scene shown, Stanley Kubrick was quoted as saying, "What's a reach around?".﻿
R. Lee Ermey was an actual drill sergeant. So that was regular day for him.
Leia: "I love you" Han Solo: "I KNOW" omg Harrison Ford improvised that what a badass
Alot of the Han Solo scene was unscripted not just the 'I know' 
@MisterDogshit While that was thoroughly unnecessary, yeah, that font was hard to read. Heh, 19th century pedophile...
These are all great but HOW COULD SOME OF THE LINES IN TROPIC THUNDER by Robert Downey JR not be in here....Some of the things he made up in that movie made me cry it was 2 hilarious
Dear mewlists, Next time you come to choose a font, DON'T... just use Ariel or Times New fucking Roman... even Comic Sans FFS (oh god I can't believe I just said that... I feel dirty)! As long as it's not that illegible stupid cuntwank "looks-like-a-19th-century-paedophiles-handwriting" abortion of a typeface! Yours sincerely, mr.dogshit
What about Joe Pesci in Goodfellas? I'm funny why? That whole scene...no?
you talkin' to me? 
the clip with paul rudd and seth rogen was knocked up not the 40 year old virgin
I watch movies all the time & ask "I wonder if that was in the script" - awesome vid 
@sora000111 Why? Is it hard for you to believe actors, people who make their career on pretending to be someone or something else, could possibly ad-lib on some of their lines? Really? Don't think that just 'cause you can't do it, no one else can. it's stupid shit like what you ust said which gives youtube its bad reputation. 
@sora000111 Why? Is it hard for you to believe actors, people who make their career on pretending to be someone or something else, could possibly ad-lib on some of their lines? Really? Don't think that just 'cause you can't do it, no one else can. it's stupid shit like what you ust said which gives youtube its bad reputation. 
06:00 how the hell can he keep it together like that. Kudos
Another note on the Clockwork Orange scene. It was the only song Malcolm McDowell could remember the lyrics to which is why he sung it.
Keep in mind that in order for it to count as "unscripted" it has to not have been written on the page prior to filming. I know that Harrison Ford discussed a changing of the line and told the directors about the line before filing "I know". So it's not always the case that it's off the top of the head all the time. The moments where extras break the rules and the actors adapt is brilliant regardless.
@lucrezaborgia I bet you're from America ;) No one from America seems to be able to read cursive I've noticed, it's strange. 
Watch Jeff Daniel's face at the 30 second mark, he cracks up! I never noticed it ended up in the final cut :)
C'est peut être aussi ça qui fait de ces films, des objets de culte.﻿
The cursive font is too hard to read. Really should stick to a more standard font! 
All of them improvised? Because you say so? Since when does Youtube have the credibility of Television?
@jozzaud yeah it was knocked up
wasn't that "Knocked Up," not "The 40 Year Old Virgin"???
So, apparently great lines aren't really scripted...
Emprovize oyunculuğun tavan yaptığı 25 sahne.. Kesinlikle izlenmeli!﻿
I think the majority of this is bullshit tbh
Without a doubt Emery is the number one spot of that lot.
PURE.GOLD.
Hey, all of Bill Murray's Dialogue in the Caddyshack scene was unscripted. The script just said something along the lines of "Carl is hitting flowers with a weed whacker"
My friend's Dad had Ermey as his DI when he was in the Marines. The funny thing is Ermey was a Corporal at the time and was considered the nice DI because all he did was cuss. The other DI's would mess with him. 
Emprovize oyunculuğun tavan yaptığı 25 sahne.. Kesinlikle izlenmeli!﻿
2:02 Isn't the deliver of the lines being improvised half of the definition of acting? Regardless, the fact that there was a specific line kind of rules it out of being "unscripted".
@lennroy R. Lee Ermey was an actual drill sgt during 'Nam, and was only a technical advisor in the beginning... he did an audition tape for the role while at the set (which I'd like to see) to be viewed by Kubrick and eventually wrote pretty much all his dialogue. :D
﻿
Nice﻿
3:00 it looks like hanks looks over to see if they should keep going and gets the go ahead.
Q: What was the most difficult scene to do? CHRIS: Certainly one of the most tense things we have to do is the hospital explosion where Heath’s character is walking out of the hospital and it explodes and collapses behind him. We did that for real and obviously that was a one take thing and something that had to be very meticulously planned and rehearsed. That was certainly a challenging day. A lot of preparation went into it and it came off very well. Meticulously planned and rehearsed...
The 25 Greatest Unscripted Scenes In Film﻿
R. Lee Ermey, he is a fucking amazing actor!
süper!senaryoda bulunmayan, fakat çekim sırasında spontan gelişen muhteşem 25 sahne!﻿
This shows how great actors can be when given freedom on the set. :)
i didn't know that the full metal jacket scene was improvised..i mean holy shit it's like 9 min long!
@DroneConflict it began on 40 year old virgin though
A Supercut of Unscripted Scenes in Movieshttp://laughingsquid.com/a-supercut-of-unscripted-scenes-in-movies/﻿
No improvised Apocalypse Now! quote? That film was full of them :(.
Top 25 Unscripted scenes: http://youtu.be/cTFQBHBeleE﻿
this was awesome [Comment via Fireviews]
A Supercut of Unscripted Scenes in Movieshttp://laughingsquid.com/a-supercut-of-unscripted-scenes-in-movies/﻿
@RoamRandy It was the Marines.
A Supercut of Unscripted Scenes in Movieshttp://laughingsquid.com/a-supercut-of-unscripted-scenes-in-movies/﻿
A Supercut of Unscripted Scenes in Movieshttp://laughingsquid.com/a-supercut-of-unscripted-scenes-in-movies/﻿
LOL wowww talent! [Comment via Fireviews]
very cool thanks for showing us [Comment via Fireviews]
#22 is "Knocked Up", not "40 year old virgin"
﻿
Tanhausser's Gate FTW
A Supercut of Unscripted Scenes in Movieshttp://laughingsquid.com/a-supercut-of-unscripted-scenes-in-movies/﻿
A Supercut of Unscripted Scenes in Movieshttp://laughingsquid.com/a-supercut-of-unscripted-scenes-in-movies/﻿
"If you like it, please subscribe"? Really? I'm not going to subscribe because you must think I'm retarded for not knowing how subscriptions work.
that scene in caddyshack was all improv. the directors told murray the basic outline of the scene and thats it
A Supercut of Unscripted Scenes in Movieshttp://laughingsquid.com/a-supercut-of-unscripted-scenes-in-movies/﻿
Gimme da focking keys you cowsocka, whaddafock....
i loved that scene in usual suspects when the he said "in English please!" funniest shit ever 2:17
@mikebulzary holy shit yea..that roulette scene still gives me chills and to think it was improv..
@charliemehrer Yeah, most of the cast and crew (but not Spielberg) had food poisoning at the time. Harrison Ford didn't want to spend six hours in 130 degrees weather filming the sword/whip fight scene, and begged Spielberg to just let him shoot the guy. It wasn't "scripted" per se, but the actor and director agreed to the sudden change before filming. Also, contrary to urban legend, Ford did not shit himself while filming the scene (he was sick, though).
@EddieRanger1989 Actually, the Goodfellas seen was "scripted" in a way: Scorcese told Pesci to create the scene himself, but they agreed to the final product before filming.
Warriors!!!! YES!
Fan-FUCKING-Tastic!﻿
A Supercut of Unscripted Scenes in Movieshttp://laughingsquid.com/a-supercut-of-unscripted-scenes-in-movies/﻿
Good stuff.﻿
A Supercut of Unscripted Scenes in Movieshttp://laughingsquid.com/a-supercut-of-unscripted-scenes-in-movies/﻿
Woody Allen? Who the fuck watches Woody Allen films? 
Not one line from Tommy Lee Jones's character in The Fugitive?
﻿
A Supercut of Unscripted Scenes in Movieshttp://laughingsquid.com/a-supercut-of-unscripted-scenes-in-movies/﻿
@romulusnr No it really doesn't. Also there's an orphaned quotation mark there.
What about Joe Pesci's story in Goodfellas? That scene was never in the script, and it's one of the most iconic scenes. 
Most of these are iconic lines too..awesome﻿
I can think of at least two that should be on here but aren't - the entire ending to Apocalypse Now with Marlon Brando and the first roulette scene in The Deer Hunter with Robert De Niro and Christopher Walken. Still, good list though!
A Supercut of Unscripted Scenes in Movieshttp://laughingsquid.com/a-supercut-of-unscripted-scenes-in-movies/﻿
A Supercut of Unscripted Scenes in Movieshttp://laughingsquid.com/a-supercut-of-unscripted-scenes-in-movies/﻿
I didn't know they stacked youtube videos that high...﻿
and by unscripted you mean - scripted.
@sqWADooSh Writers are not the ones that get paid the big bucks. You're thinking of directors and producers.
@Nukle0n The annotation only says that the "Think Fast" was improvised, not the whole bit.
@larflabergasted The way I heard it, the Usual Suspects lineup scene used in the final cut was actually an outtake. They realized later that the outtake worked much better than the straight takes.
"Game Over, Man" was improvised. AMAZING. Check this out-﻿
Here's JOHNNY was improvised?
Scene #22 is from Knocked Up and not 40 Year Old Virgin
To be fair, R. Lee Ermey *was* a drill instructor before his film career. He was supposed to be an off-screen technical consultant on FMJ, but they were so impressed by his demonstrations that they put him into the movie and gave him free reign. My favorite Dark Knight Heath Ledger ad-lib is in the police station where he does the slow clap.
Mindblowing! Just shows what it is that makes an actor great
Full metal jacket! Love it!
A Supercut of Unscripted Scenes in Movieshttp://laughingsquid.com/a-supercut-of-unscripted-scenes-in-movies/﻿
25 greatest improvised movie scenes: http://youtu.be/cTFQBHBeleE﻿
A Supercut of Unscripted Scenes in Movieshttp://laughingsquid.com/a-supercut-of-unscripted-scenes-in-movies/﻿
A Supercut of Unscripted Scenes in Movieshttp://laughingsquid.com/a-supercut-of-unscripted-scenes-in-movies/﻿
Cool!﻿
@themangodess Where was it ??? xD i did not even noticed a subscribe annotation.....
A Supercut of Unscripted Scenes in Movieshttp://laughingsquid.com/a-supercut-of-unscripted-scenes-in-movies/﻿
Lol all of these are great. Never knew some of these scenes were improvised, even something little as "Leave the gun, take the canoli" One of my favourite lines by R.Lee Ermy is "I will slit your throat and shit down your neck!" 
your font is illegible and annoying. Great video other than that. *****!
Fuck you and your subscribe button buddy. If you're going to be the first YouTuber to put some actual information in the annotations at least let the subscribe annotation fade away after 2 seconds. You're an attention whore. 
@DMA114 no its 40 yrs old virign dude
@DMA114 no its 40 yrs old virign dude
A Supercut of Unscripted Scenes in Movieshttp://laughingsquid.com/a-supercut-of-unscripted-scenes-in-movies/﻿
lol its knocked up eh not 40 year old virgin
This is the first time I've ever kept the annotations on. EVER.
I had no idea Harrison Ford's "I know" was improvised. I can't tell you how many times I've used that line. I'm a little disappointed not to see Mrs. White's "flames, on the side of my face" line here.
A Supercut of Unscripted Scenes in Movieshttp://laughingsquid.com/a-supercut-of-unscripted-scenes-in-movies/﻿
@PrinceofCats How dare you disrespect Kubrick. He was a genius.
A Supercut of Unscripted Scenes in Movieshttp://laughingsquid.com/a-supercut-of-unscripted-scenes-in-movies/﻿
A Supercut of Unscripted Scenes in Movieshttp://laughingsquid.com/a-supercut-of-unscripted-scenes-in-movies/﻿
good stuff
A Supercut of Unscripted Scenes in Movieshttp://laughingsquid.com/a-supercut-of-unscripted-scenes-in-movies/﻿
A Supercut of Unscripted Scenes in Movieshttp://laughingsquid.com/a-supercut-of-unscripted-scenes-in-movies/﻿
A Supercut of Unscripted Scenes in Movieshttp://laughingsquid.com/a-supercut-of-unscripted-scenes-in-movies/﻿
A Supercut of Unscripted Scenes in Movieshttp://laughingsquid.com/a-supercut-of-unscripted-scenes-in-movies/﻿
A Supercut of Unscripted Scenes in Movieshttp://laughingsquid.com/a-supercut-of-unscripted-scenes-in-movies/﻿
A Supercut of Unscripted Scenes in Movieshttp://laughingsquid.com/a-supercut-of-unscripted-scenes-in-movies/﻿
This comment was not improvised.
A Supercut of Unscripted Scenes in Movieshttp://laughingsquid.com/a-supercut-of-unscripted-scenes-in-movies/﻿
Downvoted because the Blade Runner scene wasn't #1.
A Supercut of Unscripted Scenes in Movieshttp://laughingsquid.com/a-supercut-of-unscripted-scenes-in-movies/﻿
A Supercut of Unscripted Scenes in Movieshttp://laughingsquid.com/a-supercut-of-unscripted-scenes-in-movies/﻿
A Supercut of Unscripted Scenes in Movieshttp://laughingsquid.com/a-supercut-of-unscripted-scenes-in-movies/﻿
A Supercut of Unscripted Scenes in Movieshttp://laughingsquid.com/a-supercut-of-unscripted-scenes-in-movies/﻿
A Supercut of Unscripted Scenes in Movieshttp://laughingsquid.com/a-supercut-of-unscripted-scenes-in-movies/﻿
A Supercut of Unscripted Scenes in Movieshttp://laughingsquid.com/a-supercut-of-unscripted-scenes-in-movies/﻿
@AntonioRules99 Among all the classic improvisations and the most upvoted comment was a Ledger praise?
A Supercut of Unscripted Scenes in Movieshttp://laughingsquid.com/a-supercut-of-unscripted-scenes-in-movies/﻿
Harrison Ford saying "I know" is by for the funniest. 
A Supercut of Unscripted Scenes in Movieshttp://laughingsquid.com/a-supercut-of-unscripted-scenes-in-movies/﻿
A Supercut of Unscripted Scenes in Movieshttp://laughingsquid.com/a-supercut-of-unscripted-scenes-in-movies/﻿
A Supercut of Unscripted Scenes in Movieshttp://laughingsquid.com/a-supercut-of-unscripted-scenes-in-movies/﻿
A Supercut of Unscripted Scenes in Movieshttp://laughingsquid.com/a-supercut-of-unscripted-scenes-in-movies/﻿
A Supercut of Unscripted Scenes in Movieshttp://laughingsquid.com/a-supercut-of-unscripted-scenes-in-movies/﻿
A Supercut of Unscripted Scenes in Movieshttp://laughingsquid.com/a-supercut-of-unscripted-scenes-in-movies/﻿
How many of these were Kubrick's? Looks like that director just didn't give a shit.
What about in Heat, where Pacino goes "because she's got... a GREAT ASS!" He was supposed to say "BIG ASS" but changed it right when he was about to say the line.
do you know how i know 10 people are gay? they disliked this video
Just watched the Dark Knight the other day and forgot how incredible Heath's performance was in it. The improvised rreaction to the explosion just goes to show how dynamic of an actor he really was!! Also that scene from saving private ryan is my all time favorite scene from any movie. You really get to know the characters right there and to know that Matt Damon improvised that story makes me love that scene even more!!!
Top 25 unscripted moments in film25 Greatest Unscripted Scenes in Films﻿
Unbelievable! Awesome:) 
How about the movie Diner? Literally a dozen hilarious improvised scenes. This one in particular is hilarious, complete with Daniel Stern a spit-take. Can't post the URL but search "DINER with Mickey Rourke" and jump to the 2 minute mark.
i always thought the explosion stopping early was on purpose pretty good job by heath to continue with it tho
Shawn Schatzle Wait for TDK. You will shit bricks with this knowledge.﻿
The 25 greatest unscripted lines of all time.25 Greatest Unscripted Scenes in Films﻿
So much for screenwriters... it turns out that almost all of the most iconic lines ever delivered in popular movies, were all ad-libbed by the actors!﻿
I wonder if that taxi driver knew he almost ran over Dustin Hoffman and was part of movie history
@AntonioRules99 You've obviously never understood what it means to act.
scenes unscripted: 25 Greatest Unscripted Scenes in Filmsquite a lot of remarkable lines were actually great improvisations by actors who knew what they were doing. Notice how most of the movies are not at all recent ones. Will this kind of supercut 10 years from now include any new entries?Anyway, "Game over man" is my iconic one.(via: http://thedailywh.at/2011/08/15/supercut-of-the-day-22/)﻿
Except the Dark Knight scene was very carefully scripted. There is a behind the scenes somewhere on Youtube with the whole thing.
Except the Dark Knight scene was very carefully scripted. There is a behind the scenes somewhere on Youtube with the whole thing.
At 0:31 sounds like zombie from the half-life series
This is great! Shows the creativity that shines when put on the spot. The 25 greatest unscripted movie scenes, ranked according to cultural impact and demonstration of improvisational skills. Keep the annotations on the scenes are explained. LANGUAGE IS NSFW﻿
Some of these were unscripted scenes?! Masterful improvisation!﻿
The hospital scene was planned and rehearsed many, many times. The behind the scenes interview shows that this was in the storyboard.
do you know how i know you're gay?
GUYS GUYS GUYS~!
BILL - FUCKING - MURRAY
this is silly hehe [Comment via Fireviews]
you should state some sources or else I have to believe that you just made it all up. 
I would just like to say that you missed that famous scene in "Apocaplypse Now" when Martin Sheen is tripping out in the hotel room doing karate and he punches the mirror. He was really drunk, that was totally ad libbed, and one of the greatest scenes in movie history period.
@ashy576 try harder.
@AntonioRules99 Why to suck on a corpses cock like a true faggot.
@AntonioRules99 you know a lot of the other ones were pretty damn good too...
@TheLifeDegenerator GET OUT OF MY HEAD!
Heath ledger was a true pro at his art...
Some of these were not improvised. I doubt that any of them were improvised.
that was awesome, thanks!
Those teeth are way too white for a WWII soldier.
Matt Damon's Line in Saving was a clear nod to Bill Holden's "story" in Network.
Almost without exception, my favourite lines from theses classics were improvised.﻿
That was one of the most interesting videos I've seen in a while! Good work! [Comment via Fireviews]
@Mr01001010 You've never been to Marine Corps bootcamp then...The shit some of the Drill Instructors come up with is unreal....
All signs of genuinely funny people. Great stuff.
Here's a great short video of the best 25 unscripted moment in movies. I knew about the Rutger Hauer/Blade Runner one, but the others are just as interesting. "Here's looking at you kid".WARNING: Not safe language for work!﻿
Thumbs up for Blade Runner!!! one of the best quotes (in context) that i've ever heard.
special taktiks eh?25 Greatest Unscripted Scenes in Films﻿
amazing!
25 Szenen, die so nicht im Drehbuch standen.﻿
R lee Ermey is hilarious LOL
I just thought this was interesting﻿
genialt﻿
No love for Good Morning, Vietnam?
The Joker scene is amazing! I never though it was improvised
@Robstailey If you read the annotations, he said they were not told "how" to read the line thus an improvisation.
@Robstailey "the delivery of the line" was improvised. They all had to say the same thing, but they were never told how to say it. 
You missed out Arnie's "I need a vacation." from Terminator 2.
how was the line in the usual suspects unscripted? they all had to say the same thing.
﻿
@AntonioRules99 Yeah seriously that Heath Ledger one was great, never would have expected that was not scripted.
Some of these are pretty disputed... It's pretty commonly accepted that it's a joke on the commentary track that the man throwing something at Malkovich was unscripted, and the scene with Heath Ledger and the explosion has been claimed by several people to also have been fully scripted.
I was anticipating Full Metal Jacket from the beginning. 
The Usual Suspects one was incredible, had no idea.
This is awesome!﻿
@mewlists Thanks for making!
So pretty much every great line was improvised...and they pay these writers the big bucks why exactly?
22 is knocked up... Not 40 year old virgin
i hope those were not in order
you left out actresses. a little biased?
GIVE ME THE KEYS!!!
Its funny how some of the most famous and most quoted lines in these movies are all improv. Thats outstanding.
perfect. 
Yeah. Put captions like normal subtitles (middle bottom screen). 
Escenas que no estaban en el guión :o﻿
You spelled Michael Madisen, but it's just Madsen
Great video man, thanks for the effort.
Hannibal Lecter's mocking of Clarice Starling's (Jodie Foster) southern accent was also improvised by Anthony Hopkins, and it apparently caught Foster off guard. 
﻿
it's michael madsen, not madison
@TearsForMyPeople I believe that the crew had gotten him drunk right before the scene but I could be mistaken.
#20 was knocked up not 40 year old virgin.
#reddit #movies #nsfwThe internet has jaded me -- I'm immediately suspicious. But I'd love to believe that all these were actually unscripted.﻿
Come on man, the Joker hospital scene was NOT improvised......... Director Christopher Nolan talks about it on the DVD 
Wasn't the whole 'Indianapolis Scene' improvised in Jaws? Doesn't get much more iconic than the bigger boat line; however, to me, the story that Quint tells around the table is one of the greatest scenes in film history
i love reddit
a suggestion, list the movies some where to avoid possible spoilers or put up a Spoilers tag before anything that might be crucial to the movies :) nothing got ruined for me, but maybe for someone else
the 40 year old virgin is from knocked up... is it not?
I'm most impressed by the blade runner scene, as it is also my favorite death scene from any movie.
Loved Blade Runner's unscripted scene, "All those moments will be lost in time, like tears in rain"
What about the apocalypse now unscripted scene where I think it was Sheen was tripping on acid and broke the mirror. Totally unscripted
The Dark Knight scene wasn't improvised. The explosion stopped prematurely so Heath Ledger could get a few extra steps ahead of the exploding building, because that isn't CGI. They actually blew that building up. They worked the pause into the movie by making it look like brilliant improvisational acting, which is actually a really brilliant idea. Have you ever met anyone who thought Heath Ledger's acting in this movie sucked?
I'd like to point out that in the Dumb and Dumber annoying seen you can see Jeff Daniels facial expression. He goes from "What are you doing Jim?" to holding in his laughter. The scene had to cut away before they made it too obvious. 
What about the scene from When Harry Met Sally?
Jurassic Park - Grant: I think we're out of the job. Ian: Don't you mean extinct?
﻿
Wow this is extremely well done and well researched! Great job!
+Ryan Campbell -- This one's for you.﻿
Those are best, and there are thousnads moments of lesser brilliance. Because actors are great people who want us, the viewers to belive that it is all real. 
﻿
Excellent video, Mewlists. The GWH scene is particularly awesome.
Heath Ledger omg anyone else woulda just kept on walking like a fool or complained but he kept his character like a pro! RIP
I LOVE CADDY SHACK! 
Almost all of This Is Spinal Tap was unscripted. How can one forget the great improvisation of lines like: "Fuck the napkin!" "It's like, how much more black could this be, and the answer is... none. None more black." "Dozens of people spontaneously combust a year, it's just not widely reported." "We've got Armadillos in our trousers. It's really quite frightening."
@connortheman95 I heard it was the only song he knew all of the lyrics to. Sometimes things just come together, I guess.
@futurestoryteller Also it's not like Malcolm McDowell made up the song "Singin' in the rain" on the spot, it's just impressive that they know what to fall back to. 
@connortheman95 They may not have been scripted, but it's a commonly held belief that DeNiro was referencing the movie Shane in Taxi Driver. At the same time there's a Twilight Zone episode where a gangster looks into a mirror at his own reflection and asks "You talkin' to me?" He begins to suspect he might be going *crazy* and says 'this is how it always starts'. Evidently DeNiro felt the same way.
Improvised is a pretty loose term, I'm sure many moments on film were improvised. Plus improvised could just mean 'written by the actor, and kept in his head until filming rehearsals etc.' I'm a writer, so I know how quickly a line can come to you, but I seriously wonder how many 'improvised' lines were actually in the moment.
goood but... Spoiler Alert !
A LOT of Robert Downey Jr.'s lines in Tropic Thunder were unscripted... some of the best comedy ever
Wow, I didn't know about the Dark Knight thing...that's cool!
wow, some of the most famous movie lines were unscripted, that's impressive
Please keep the annotation on. I will explain which parts of each scene are unscripted. Thank you for watching!
