it looks like Usain's feet is not touching the ground﻿
If feel sorry for Powell﻿
make your mind up "9.64" or "9.63"﻿
GAY﻿
some idiot threw something onto the track before the start .... they should have got arrested.﻿
This dude inspired me to start running the 100m in my track and field team﻿
gay usa :D﻿
Tyson "gay"﻿
5:17 victory﻿
as fast as thunder or little more...﻿
Hahah someone threw a bottle in from the crowd to hit usain bolt﻿
He's lucky he's tall. Long strides . If you notice he never starts off good. He just comes back on the back half with that stride of his﻿
Awesome!﻿
How could no one saw it at 5:05 :o﻿
Not a single white guy was seen this day...  :D﻿
Looks like it really means it ﻿
Lol Tyson gays tag says gay on it lol﻿
Bolt is slow at start. I wonder if he improves that part, he might reach 9:45..﻿
The thing I'm unhappy about in this race is the guy who just slowed near the middle. I just can't believe that you could get to the Olympics and then just give up. Even if you don't medal, still try your best. ﻿
5:05, anyone else notice the bottle thrown from the crowd!?????﻿
One day, I'll be on this podium﻿
13 min video for a 10 second race :)﻿
I wonder if nervousness stops the better runner from winning...﻿
Kirani James RudishaNIJEL AMOSMariya SavinovaPAMELA JELIMOCaster SemenyaBEKELETaoufik Makhloufi MOHAMED AMANSANYA RICHARDS Antonina KrivoshapkaAmantle MontshoChristine Ohuruogu ﻿
did anyone notice the beer bottle thrown at 5:06 right behind the number 6 station﻿
Usain Bolt-9.63Yohan Blake-9.75Justin Gatlin-9.79Tyson Gay-9.80Ryan Bailey-9.88Churandy Martina-9.94Richard Thompson-9.98Asafa Powell-11.99﻿
when the race is about to start a guy throws a bottle at usain boltlook closely﻿
bellissima gare, è sempre un grande campione.﻿
I know I can't be an Olympian. I can watch Olympics, but not live. Tickets are prolly expensive, so I'd rather volunteer. But there must be a qualification to be hired. Last resort, be the MASCOT!﻿
NO WORDS !﻿
0:49 GAY USA hahaha﻿
I wonder if there is someone faster than Usain Bolt who just hasn't been discovered.﻿
great race, shame the commentating during the race was awful ﻿
Why would anybody dislike the results here? I guess the saying you can't please everybody is indeed real. If Bolt had lost he would have been ridiculed..﻿
I feel bad for Powell :(﻿
Jamaica/Jamaica zeen﻿
What a beast! Bolt is a goddamn monster. Just amazing.﻿
9,63!﻿
im 14 and i run the 100m in 11.15 seconds﻿
pfffft show of﻿
1:07 Pause. I feel bad for him...﻿
Just completely destroys the best sprinters the last 50m. Almost unbelievable.﻿
5:00 RACE BEGINS﻿
Legend :0﻿
Lol it says gay on his shirt﻿
those 1,196 are surely HATER'S...BOLT! YOHAN! ...#JAMAICA.﻿
I'd like to see Bolt break his world records in Rio, since it will be his last Olympic appearance.﻿
USAIN BLOT CLAP CLAP CLAP USAIN BLOT CLAP CLAP CLAP USAIN BLOT CLAP CLAP CLAP﻿
C'MON USAIN 2016 2xGOLD MEDAL TOUCH WOOD﻿
Usain bolt is an awesome runner same with blake﻿
LMAO at the cameramen﻿
Pause at 2:47, lol﻿
I couldn't watch this live on TV because I was too nervous as I wanted Usain to win.  Since then, I have watched this race so many times!﻿
Daretobolt﻿
XD it says gay on a players name﻿
Bolt may won the race, but Tyson Gay has got the most swag﻿
im at 11 second for 100m so...﻿
The cool thing is that some people go to the olympics just to see a race that lasts for 10 seconds :D﻿
Dat comeback tho lo bolt ALMOST lost﻿
I dont work out much and im clinically overweight but I would probably run the same distance in 8seconds. . doesnt look hard at all﻿
4:58   you're welcome﻿
I can run 80 km/h wha chu no about that﻿
great performance, absolutely magnificent talent.﻿
jamaica usa﻿
Got chills :) that was awesome ﻿
I know the start was cool, but did anyone see the flying beer bottle?﻿
why are lanes 3 and 4 on a banked indoor track considered bad lanes. In events such as the 200m﻿
I always hated the start of a race when I did track. That's the worst part.﻿
still an athlete though nothing can match his maker...﻿
usain bolt is still great but i guess age breaks everything when it he gets slightly slower... ﻿
can't stop watching that cute jumping mascot guy at 5:26﻿
I felt so bad for Asafa... but I love him still :) Usain is just insane! & Yohan's an up and comer. Maybe he'll be the one to beat Bolt in Rio?﻿
tyson "gay" hahahah lmao﻿
BOOOOOLT﻿
5:02 for the race﻿
Did anyone see the beer bottle being thrown at 5:07??!﻿
Tison Gay xd﻿
Tyson Gay. LOL﻿
I was expecting more from Bolt during The Zion Olympics. If only he had put in the same effort in training, as he did with his Virgin Media adverts he would've at least broke his WR.﻿
Excellent you﻿
glas bottle was thrown at ursian bolt at 5:06﻿
blake is pretty boss. but usain is just insaine﻿
Usain is tall af and he has long ass legs no wonder his fast ﻿
13 min video for a 10 second race..... nice﻿
Usain is a BEAST and a show off and he's awesome for it.﻿
Did the announcer say that Asafa Powell was the fastest loser in qualification?﻿
Over 9million views, this must be the most popular video of the 2012 Olympics. That bottle thrown on the track by that nutter before the race starts always makes me laugh.  Awesome stuff from The Lightning "Bolt"﻿
What puma trainers does bolt wear?﻿
Where is that Ipad video? 6:40 ﻿
I love how in all of these the narrator goes...... and then he suddenly says "AND HERE COMES USAIN BOLT!  USAIN BOLT!......" ﻿
ohhh tutti negri ....﻿
Dam, someone threw bottle before start﻿
have someone seen the bottle thrown behind the sprinters?! at the start!?! :O﻿
For this he had to train harder than ever. He was just coming off a back injury. Don't call him lazy here﻿
How do you not finish a 100m race?The only exception would be if he was injured.﻿
Dude is following Usain around like a puppy ...WTF ?﻿
This is rather childish but it did tickle me when the commentator said gay USA﻿
Usain prayed. God delivered ﻿
In my next life, I want to come back as Usain Bolts thigh muscles﻿
Love all their antics before the race :)﻿
Tyson Gay has to be only of the only American track athletes that I genuinely have respect for. No silly dance before his run, no cockiness, far from a sore loser and always trying to better himself.  Truly heart broken that Gatlin received a medal and not Gay.﻿
*gay*﻿
Lol the guy name was guy﻿
Gay USA haha﻿
fast﻿
Real Flash Super hero!!!!﻿
poor NO3 route  ﻿
wow. slow down. its not a race﻿
5:06 someone throughs a bottle onto the track, you can see the security guy in the top left jump into action. ﻿
This video is 66 times longer than the actual race...﻿
Quality over quantity﻿
If you look carefully you can see a beer bottle at 5:06 thrown by Bobby. Bobby forgot this wasn't the internet and was tackled to the ground by a judo master. ﻿
jamaican me crazy﻿
Race Starts at 5:07.﻿
MIght as well make it USA vs Jamaica﻿
Pause @ 2:47﻿
Would Usain Boult run for FREE like proper athletes used to do, I wonder?﻿
He is fastLike ﻿
Wow﻿
What an incredible moment from the London Games! Which athletes are you looking forward to seeing in Rio 2016?﻿
i feel happy for him but bad for others cause they also worked hard﻿
usain bolt had such an amazing start on his 9.58, and on this was a very a poor start. If had that kind of speed combined with a good starter, we could of been looking at under 9.55﻿
Tyson GAY﻿
I want him to mentor me ﻿
Nvm xD﻿
the 100m match now just turn from USA dominant to USA vs Jamica, and for most part Jamica will win as long as Bolt still there and USA doesn't come up more talent sprinter﻿
Troooooop fort !!!!!!!!!!!"﻿
Who else saw that bottle come out of no where at the beginning of the race?﻿
usa and jamaica always win in most of the sports﻿
Is this competition only for blacks? O_o﻿
You just knew Richard Thompson was gonna lose as soon as he started jumpin' around in the intros. Calm down dude lmao﻿
"Asafa Powell - Fastest Loser..." Lol that could've been said much better.﻿
Someday I want to be Usain Bolt.........﻿
i love the way bolt prepares so sick !  ﻿
Excellent runner﻿
Runs like a cheetah how did gay lose by that much﻿
USA GAY    lol﻿
Usain bolt is just too good﻿
the race 5:05﻿
Fast men﻿
cool﻿
Usain *BOLD*﻿
Bolt has ridiculous speed. The dude is just super fast and a hard worker too. Congrats to him, Yohan Blake, Justin Gatlin and all the sprinters﻿
At 5:05 you can see a guy threw a baton on the field and the security guy walks to him. xD﻿
super﻿
1:04 - lives up to his name﻿
Blake is going to be faster than bolt﻿
Asafa Powell Pooped out... Damn he had good  start...  11.99 Come on atleast make it to forth or fifth﻿
Usain Bolt is a Freak of Nature. Like a LeBron James or an Adrian Peterson. This man is unreal & I am so privileged to have watched this man run!I have never seen a guy move so fast at that size. My Goodness﻿
It sucks how he was to wear gay on him.﻿
Cool﻿
Jeez....If usain had any hands at all, he could make a fortune in the nfl. Who could guard him at 6'10" and blazing speed? Colts have a South African rugby player who was a stud on special teams this yr. why not give usain a shot?﻿
If only Police Officers can run this fast..﻿
ryan lockte and USAIN!!!!﻿
the guy in the last lane must feel weird lol the only non-Jamaican or non-American in this race they should've called Maurice Greene up an put him the last lane﻿
My fave Olympian is Tyson Gay lol﻿
The camera guys are hilarious﻿
Why are black people so fast!﻿
I thought that dude at 11:30 was gonna take off.﻿
Dude in the back just quit.﻿
Dear announcer, Bailey is Canadian﻿
usain lightning bolt﻿
He might be the fastest human ever.Discuss.﻿
Crack head speed﻿
We had to shoot an advertisement video as an homework and the product was an energy drink and we named it Bolt Jr :D﻿
I run track. But DAAAMN I'm not THAT fast. Don't think I'll ever go to the Olympics﻿
Poor Tyson Gay i am sure he had a really hard childhood with that last name...﻿
Watching the pack of photographers after he wins is more entertaining than the race haha﻿
oh my God, first two all Jamaica and only then Usa, loooooll﻿
07:50 well I guess thats Usain Bolt﻿
How the hell was he born with that name? Bolt and Blake? Names actually do define the person. Im going to name my son LIGHTING. ﻿
is arjen robben in dat publiek kijk op 6:56 seconde﻿
look behind them just before the start someone tried to throw something at them﻿
wellllll  Usain  proved  to be the fastest man on earth﻿
the highest jumper in the world is apple bee ﻿
Lightning Bolt!﻿
das ist der schnelzte mensch der welt ich wurde beim schul walt lauf erster plaz und ihr nicht﻿
if bolt had ran through the line he would have broken the record, he dipped very early!!﻿
Well he's fast﻿
Русские здесь!﻿
Bolt is like a V12, picks up after 60mph LOL﻿
BOLT ANIMAL﻿
At around the 6-7 second mark (of the race), why did that guy just fall behind?﻿
Usain has proven that you don't need to use drugs to make world records.﻿
Check out Richard Mulo, fastest kid in Malden.﻿
5:05 that was bottle?﻿
Great!!﻿
description says he sets a new record in this? wtf?﻿
R.I.P David Coleman. ﻿
Fastest looser what?﻿
Imagine if Usain Bolt was a criminal or a thief and he was getting chased by cops! They wouldn't even get close to him. He would make a great criminal!﻿
Forgive me if I got this voice wrong ? Because this could be John Motson How ever they worked together for years they also have a similar delivery ﻿
 The commentator On this was David Coleman. He will be so sadly missed the best Sports narrater ever. R.I.P ﻿
9:85﻿
incredible!﻿
😄Bolt﻿
Lol beer bottle chucked onto the track before start of race!﻿
what a nice dream of whole countries,..but our country has no chance...so sad..﻿
LMAO this announcer keeps bashing Powell ﻿
I would like to see Gabby Douglas and the you know the gymnasts again for Rio 2016﻿
Fiz este bolo, que ficou uma delicia...resolvi improvisar! O meu provador oficial (filho) disse: brutalíssimo...vamos à receita.Ingredientes:-6 ovos-250 g de açúcar-250 g de miolo de amêndoa moída com casca-150 g de chocolate preto (derretido em banho-maria)-350 g de doce de gilaLiguei o forno a 180ºC. Untei uma forma redonda e forrei o fundo da mesma com papel vegetal igualmente untado. Depois da forma untada polvilhei com cacau em pó. Com  a batedeira bati os ovos com o açúcar até dobrar de volume. Juntei a amêndoa moída, envolvi com a colher de pau. Juntei o chocolate derretido e envolvi, juntei o doce gila, e fui envolvendo devagar sem bater (delicadamente). Deitei o preparado na forma e levei ao forno. No meu forno levou 50 minutos. (Nesta receita não vale o palito, para ver se está cozido ou não. Pois o mesmo sai sempre húmido, pois o bolo é muito (húmido). O que vale é a vossa experiência...﻿
his last name is bolt. how perfect is that?﻿
dragonball = copying black people and asian history.﻿
If you look closely it looks like Powell hits the breaks right before Bolt jumps ahead. whyyyy﻿
Big up Bolt and Blake shot a road powwwwwwww﻿
BUSain bolt﻿
7:57 ftw﻿
Jake don't hate. Be a real man and congratulate lmao u so pathetic﻿
PUT SOME STRENTH  IN UR LEGS﻿
OK IM A JAMACIAN NO IM SERIOUS IM A JAMACIAN U GUYS REALLY WHAT TO KNOW HOW WE ARE FAST﻿
Did u folks know im like the usain bolt in my grade﻿
The oddest thing I notice watching this ... when I used to do athletics as a kid 30 years ago I remember putting the number on the vest with safety pins .. I am amazed to see numbers on vests with safety pins in the Olympic final! It just seems so old fashioned!﻿
Usain bolt corre mas que mi perro barbilla atras de mi plantufla de mikey mouse por favor ayudenme no puedo dormir pensando en eso ayuda por favor!!!﻿
Usain isn't necessarily the fastest man ever to live.  track runners in the olympics used to have to run in dirt and would definitely slow them down. idk just a thought﻿
Blake and Bolt looking good!! ^^﻿
Love Bolt :) ﻿
Stupid﻿
SPOILER! bolt wins...﻿
Thank You for Uploading This video, videos From the London 2012 Olympics.﻿
OMG. I can't stop laughing. It's like all of them are in drugs while being introduced. ﻿
even tho im not from jamaica, usain bolt is still my favourite runner cuz of his speed and skill﻿
some one threw a bottle at usan bolt at 5:04﻿
Jamaicans, fastest people on the planet lmao﻿
Race begins in 5:06﻿
Ha gay ........... yes im immature ﻿
has no one from the nfl offered this guy a contract!? teach some wide receiver fundamentals and hes nearly unstoppable!﻿
Bolt is the king and Blake is the prince.﻿
What an incredible moment from the London Games! Which athletes are you looking forward to seeing in Rio 2016?﻿
What an incredible moment from the London Games! Which athletes are you looking forward to seeing in Rio 2016?﻿
look 5.06 behind the runners A FLYING BEER BOTTLE﻿
at 7:01 the guy on the right is like ' I touched him !!! '﻿
Tyson gay 0:49﻿
speed hack﻿
Gay Shave Ur Pits Mate #scaredforlife  ﻿
Look at 5:07 behind usa in bolt﻿
If he turns to a zombie, we would all be toast. xD﻿
Yes bolt talk de tings man talk de tings.﻿
Fact- Usain Bolt's net worth is $33 million.﻿
this is so fake﻿
INCREDIBLE !﻿
Too fast﻿
I am glad I see in my life such a great fantastic runner! Watch it again and again!Thank you very much for creators of this video!﻿
Aha there's a fella valled gay﻿
I wonder if he's on steroids. If he isn't he's crazy fast I hope I will be close to his speed when I get older because right now I'm still trying to beat a girl who plays soccer﻿
And here is an Olympic Fire in My City \ Russian Opympic Fire \ EP 9﻿
Flash should be replaced with Bolt.period﻿
Video starts at 5:00﻿
The tension..﻿
Aww come on , just hold my beer...﻿
Great target achieved by Usain Bolt. Thanks for uploading. It is real inspirational   #inspirational   #sports  ﻿
Dayum﻿
I don't care what anyone says, Usain Bolt is the Flash.  ﻿
pehhh macam pelesit.﻿
wow this guys really fast! he should be in the finals of the olympics!﻿
He's not even tired...how natural﻿
South African Sports Moments﻿
﻿
usain bolt has crazy feet﻿
thes guys are all hella coccky/confident its so fuuny and cool at the same times.﻿
my bro will break bolt 9.58 record in cwg2014 glasgow so bolt just wait n watch﻿
change video speed to 2 when race starts
Lebron Traveled 
i was making a project about the olympics 2012 in london,and i saw everything here and it helped me get an A+ thx a lot!
not sure id like the title of fastest man on the planet.... 
Gay USA (0.54)...lol
that's hilarious!... (i'm jamaican)
Coooooll
Usain Bolt, the best
Usain bolt don't do drugs idiot talking bout drug cheat
wow thats so funny and original
I see someone's name Tyson Gay hahahahaha
They naturally have a larger ratio of fast twitch to slow twitch muscle fibers, notably the west africans/caribbeans. The east africans have more slow twitch than fast twitch hence why ethiopians/ugandans etc win all the marathons.
average human is like 13 bro but yeah
dude that's not even fast Kim jong ill walk this 2.35 seconds and kims grandpa could run it 5seconds
Watching the camera men is more entertaining LOL 
You're cracked if you think the average is only 7 miles per hour. Most people walk at 3 miles per hour. 
tyson gay........ 
*his
no one can have hia legs ...
you need some dam good fps if you are gonna see usain bolt ^^ 
Absolutely. We may all be Homo Sapiens, but there are definately conditions that further good muscle oxigenation, and similar qualities in the genes of people with ancestry in Africa.
I miss the 2012 Olympics......
Skip to 5:00 for the race.
The race starts at 4:05
none of these guys are clean
That one guy at 5:15 just gave up on life. 
Not to sound racist, but 100% of them are black, go figure.. #fairfight
4:30
imagine if the netherlands guy won 
4:15
Most the comments are probably making fun of Tyson Gay 
gawwann bolt tah rass 
That would be his name. I'm sure you aren't the only one to make a joke about it.
wait a minute, that speed would break the speed limit in some neighbourhoods o.O
asafa powel mieux que tous...
Hez fast as a bollet ...anyone ?
thx a lot
lol at the troll throwing garbage onto the track 5:04
Why are they all black?
then there's me with my 10 minute mile
so fast .. 
Gatlin ran a 9.79 and got him a bronze medal, it would have gotten him a world record Gold in the 1988 olympics because that's what Ben Johnson ran in Seul, South Korea when he set a world record. And Ben Johnson was caught on steroids in those Olympic and was stripped of his medals. IF you haven't watched the documentary on YouTube is called "9.79" it is a very good documentary. Johnson was juicing and he ran 9.79 which would give a third place in 2012 and bolt is running 9.63, That's insane.
watch this in speed 2!
awesome 
cute bolt
Anyone know the names of these two commentators!? 
Of course they would all be black.. 
No, they simply just own the stadium the race took place, they own all the endorsements these athletes get and they cut their checks. They own all the television rights to broadcast the olympics, we're talking about Billions of dollars here. They own the companies that make the uniforms, Nike, Puma, Adidas and so on. That's were they are, behind the scenes making all the decisions and pocketing all the money while you run your ass off. 
LOL
What a stupid thing to say
pause at 4:56 look at them traps blake is the definition of a beast
How fast is this? Running 100 meters in under 10 seconds if INCREADIBLY FAST.
INCREDIBLE
This guys showed white guys that you are slow........... just like glory road :D
:)) u saved 5 minutes of my life. wow. lifesaver.
Anybody notice Asafa Powell trip in the beginning of the race?
1013 jamaicans thought dislike means "dis i like"
where all the fast white guys at??? I was counting on one to crack the lineup
yeeeeeeeeeeaaaaaaaaaa!!!!! 
speed!number#1 record 2012
เร็วๆๆๆๆๆๆ 
usain is in the zone
rs, valeeu!!
music?
I find it quite shocking to see how happy USA is for a bronze medal.
Speed hacker, someone report him to the admin.
Usain bolt looked like he wasn't even trying.
One does not simply just shoot a bullet at THE Usain Bolt (zombie form)
1 minute look at the red guys name
why 1 bullet will stop him? he is just a zombie....
volunteer is so smooth from 00:59-1:09. Guarantee she ran home and had a fiddle
the girls at 1:00 is like : Where can I taking a look ? :p
Notice Tyson Gay holds his balls when the camera comes around
Gay USA 0_o
tyson gay? >:OOOOOOOOO??????????
BOLT
FLOJO AND USAIN BPLT
Yep the master race! Lol 
All black lol respect
yes yes yes yes
yes yes yes yes
TOP LEL WHERE IS YOUR SWEDEN?
You know people don't just watch the Olympics to see Bolt. I do it for him, long jump, high jump and swimming. The Olympics are about SPORTS. And people all over the world watch them, not only for Bolt, but to see the sports that they love.
Fast as bullet!
says who? there are lots of things your history teachers forgot to tell you or don't know themselves.
Usain bolt is on already at temple run lol.
Jamaica is name bran :D
This was it. All other events are just making up the numbers. It's about the fastest man on earth and Bolt is the fastest.
Meh, Usain Bolt is slow.. (obviously a joke)
lol well the native americans were only known to other native americans from 1500 B.C to 1492 A.D. Unless you want to put Leif Ericson into account, but judging by your comment i'm assuming that you don't..
 dunno, he could've been joking. what u know about this?
He`s wrong.
what race were these people if u r serious?
And to think I had a bad name
Takes five minutes to start
Lol his last name is gay
i like it and i love it usen bolt dear 
perks or ray guns wouldn't help you against a bolt zombie... 
the zombie that made usain bolt zombie should be given a medal
true!!!!! 
Every moment of it.
Powell still went quicker than my PB
who else saw that bottle thrown on the track at the start. think it was thrown at gatlin
1:06 gay
Did you know Native Americans throughout the year 1500 B.C to 1500 A.D they were known the be the fastest running up to 30-40 miles up to big cat speeds 
Thing is I can take all the steroids in the world and still will not come close to beating Bolt. Fact is that is a SUPERIOR HUMAN BEING WITH RESPECT TO SPRINTING and all the classroom saying that we are all created with equal talent and stuff SIMPLY DOES NOT WORK WITH RESPECT TO BOLT and 99.99 % of us, all right. In short, that is a SUPERIOR HUMAN BEING with regard to running.
simply reason this guy is tall and his strides are much longer than the rest so he catched up later
this guy had slow acceleration but by the end he is still accelerating
994 dislikes = tyson gays family lol
AHAHAHAHAHA TYSONS SHIRT
Hello olympic, i've never seen u talk before
He'd be boss if there was a zombie apocalypse running from zombies
what happened to Powell half way through? he pull something?
Imagine how fast he would be if he was running to the toilet o:
i agree...some college or university could give him an honorary phd.
damn, jamaicans are soo fast!
athletics always. wrestling swimming and gymnastics were very interesting too.next olympics we will se rugby 7's that's great !
Malaysian?
Who saw the bottle when the race started?
£32
I ran 9:55!!!!!!!
Badminton.. :) Although Lee Chong Wei didn't win.. 
EVERYTHING. 
The 100m, 200m, 400m, 4x100m relays.
Lol TYSON GAY 0:50, Tyson gonna bite whoever has that name...
I know Usain he and my brother were best friends when we use to live in Jamaica mi proud a em Jamaica to di world
5:06 Line 5 WTF!!
All these BEAUTIFUL AFRIKAN KINGS. USA, JAMAICA, TRINIDAD, doesn't matter. We ALL descend from the ONE SOURCE: AFRIKA. xoxo
i cant wait for the 2020 olympics, Japan will do it justice hopefully, love that place
flying jamaican
flying jamaican
I likr this
How can they be all American when some of them are from Jamaica and Trinidad and Tobago? 
USA vs Nigeria in the Basketball.
omg they're all african american...LOL 
GAY USA LOL
Usain Was Is And Forever Will Be THE FASTEST MAN ON THE PLANET :D
plz get out
Lol tyson gay lolololololol
how ironic his last name is bolt lol
Swimming! :D
There is no reason Bolt can't be a world champion in 2015 and 2017 as well. Think of this stat line: 2008 Olympics GOLD 100, 200, 4x100 2009 Worlds GOLD 100,200, 4x100 2011 Worlds GOLD (Should have had it in 100 damn false start) 200, 4x100 2012 Olympics GOLD 100, 200, 4x100 2013 Worlds GOLD 100, 200, 4x100 2015 Worlds GOLD 100, 200, 4x100 2016 Olympics GOLD 100, 200, 4x100 2017 Worlds GOLD 100, 200, 4x100 9 Gold Medals in the Olympics a triple 3 peat 14 World Championships. He is a legend. 
I enjoyed the 200m men's final and the 4x100m men's final :)
not trying to take away from bolt but asafa looked like he could have given him a run for his money had the injury not happened
he had a bad start and he still wins by miles 
Horde 4 ever <3
no i´m german^^
Why did u say that? His groin was injure and couldn't run for 4x100 if niot the world record would be 35 sec
lol.. asafa the world's fastest loser
Cant help but get excited watching bolt in this race.... dominates.
5:00-6:00 watch mascot
What a great moment this was from the London 2012 Olympics! What events did you enjoy at last summers Games?
Considering these guys are the best in the world you should be very proud! I would be .. lol
Best ever!!!
Asafa Powel had it! why did he threw it away!?
thumbs up for the world's fastest loser asafa powell xD 1:58
when your thought of running 100 m in 12 seconds is good gets crushed O.o
Usain Bolt > Yohan Blake >>>> anyone else..
yeeaahh 
good job for jamaicans
hahaha
I seriously hope Bolt never becomes a zombie, we'd all be screwed... :s
determination+power+focus+training+legendary stuff = usain bolt !!....an era !!!
And ends at 5:18
The commentator: "A group of men start running fast and then one guy starts running faster than the others and crosses the finish line before they do to win. Brilliant, brilliant, brilliant!"
thanks xD
Usain bolt usain bolt usain bot yeah
Zooom goes bolt
Bolt's a baaaad dude!
Wow Usain is fast!
Bolt finish the rac at 9.5
thumbs up for the bottle at 5:05 :D
Enough drug talk, real athletes and smart folks know they all cycle off PEDS for off season training proposes, and use stimulants. USAIN BOLT= TOP END SPEED
Its normal because the race is only 9,64 LOL
For me now, the art to athletics is not how to do it clean, but how not to get caught. 
If the worlds second and third fastest men were dirty...what makes you think the first is?
You de best usain bolt
Admirable!!!!﻿
Moments like this just make me even more proud to be a Jamaican. JA up || One Love
Dat boy fast
Hold my beer 
we took 10cm for 60years... and a lot of country wasnt represent 40years ago, Jamaica changed history of sprint because of his special genetic as Kenyans in marathon 
I can say human evolution has not come that far in 30 years because it takes thousands of years for any significant changes to happen! -_-
Because sport are always more professional, now with cold room u can work 5 times more, so yes training changes a lot. People now are a lot stronger, the size of our generation is 1.82, Bolt is 1.96m, u cant say human evolution has obviously not taken place, u r against the facts. Bolt is a miracle because of his genes thats it.
USAIN> is a on his own plate 
r U-SAIN???
USAIN! Even though I'm not Jamacain,
não sei como não podem curtir, ele é d+, adoro caras altos e ele supera isso na pista, parabéns, não canso de ver e rever .....
not bad like u can do any better crach aholic
Not bad Bolt.05 out your WR. But new OR.
AWSOME IT IS SO GOOD
GOOD
America has 50+ states but Jamaica is ONE remember!
ya right
Usain never beat
My rec is 9.57
Usain Bolt is legendary! I want to meet u!
Skip to 5:01
LOL !!!
"..and heeere comes Uuuuuusain Boooooolt!" Man, I can hear that over and over..
Beats his own shadow
I can do it faster
Did he thank Jeebus?
Dougie usain bolt aka justin gatlan
gtfoh
Yes ,the better athlete is the one who gets silver medals and can't beat the one who always gets gold medals.Perfect logic..
Like if you're here because of Temple Run.
soo funny?
Look at the surge of power from Justin Gatlin
Even with drugs the USA cant even get close to jamaica or atleast on top of the form Yohan blake and Bolt
jaaajaj tyson gay hahaha 
What was the medal count again? Oh, that's right...
Nice to see the USA get owned.......again
race starts at 5:01 
because of his sudden injury
Why did Asafa Powell stop?
How about a chetta chase bolt
a man who beats his own shadow
I would love to see a police officer try and chase Bolt 
wtf is with gatlin 
camera man was running while he was just skipping!
Remarkable achievement
Thanks
Race starts at 5:00 thank me later :)
Ignore Spottyelvis guys! He's obviously out to get a reaction- nice try dude!!!
5:00 for the race :D
Van Buyten is faster then Bolt :(
Asafa*
Asafa*
Anyone see someone through a bottle right before the start behind the runners lol?
Umm whos the fastest men in the world not justin gatlin everybody doesnt know what rank is he
Usain bolt is a fake gatlin beat bolt in 2005
Yes this is why, last 50 meters he left Bolt way back and won the race. Right!
Justin gatlin is way better
Justin gatlin rules
Justin gatlin is better then usain
lol bolt has to be like one of the coolest black dudes ever.
100% right
Tyson Gay actually ate Mcdonald's every weekend until 2013. 
dis guy is like the black flash
What did the british eat?
LAME
5:05 you're welcome
0:31 The 9.58 time was in 2009
Tyson gay.. Fastest loser. Lmsooo he called him a loser!! Lml
Legendary Mr Bolt!
love his celebrations
I thought the record in begiing was 9.58?
Ha. He called him a loser.
sip to 5:00 to save 5 mins of your life !!!!!!!
Actually, that's exactly what Bolt had to eat right before this race.
USAINE BEASTTTT
Yes
and not a caucasian in sight
Not even worried about the people around him
Beast Mode Activated 9.64
The shortest sprint in flatwater canoe/kayak is 200m, 35 seconds.
i luuuv usain bolt
Are all fast people black??
Fun fact: Usain Bolt ate McDonalds (A Snack wrap) the day before this race, and "a few chicken nuggets" during the Olympics. 
The last name bolt fits perfectly for this man lol
I know
05:06, someone threw a bottle
me too 
My best in 100m is 13.26
5:04
I love how animated they are for the camera! I'd probably be too nervous to even emote, wow.
Probably hoping he could make Bolt false start.
For the person who said the 100m is too long and they should have had a 60m. Well listen, Powell would have won that cuz he's one of the best starters. Then again Usain would have won it cuz he would start slower and power away in 20m so u don't have a point. Go sit down
Is this a joke or what, or is this all the excuses you got, you need to wheel and come again. Bolt own Gay and every other male sprinter whether they injury or not, so stop talk rubbish.
Bolt u r awesome. 
5.08 the person throws a bottle
100m is too long they should add a 60m to the summer olympics it would be great
I am a Jamaican and that is absolutely funny... I hope so too 
just because of the idiots in power, we are viewed as a bad country
I'm in this video woop woop! 
oh oh white guy alert!! XD
When the world falls into a zombie crisis, you better pray that none Jamaican is infected.
When the world falls into a zombie crisis, you better pray that none Jamaican is infected.
sir you are my god .
did u guys see the beer bottle thrown just before they ran O_o
Too much Mcdonalds slowed the 'muricans down.
5:00 race starts
skip to 5:08
im American but I don't dislike it I like it
I dont care about Blake or Gay (lol) GO BOLT!!!!!!!
blake se best 
Blake was at his best, so as for Bolt, and he's unbeatable in that condition
come on blake i will train u do not worry 
he did
haha, not worth a response, but just an FYI Gay failed his most recent drug test. Bolt's times (and medals) speak for themselves. (side note Gatlin has also failed drug tests)... 
Bolt has never truly won a major championship in 2008 no gay, in 2009 he beat gay who had groin pain that year, in 2012 gay was not at 100 percent,and this year no gay or Blake.Bolt only wins because his opponents are absent or not completely healthy
4:42 for race 
Geil
5:04
he is great 
08:08 where Blake made his extra lunges to beat Gatlin..lots of effort.
He do to but what do you do ? 
lol you obviously don't know how much love bolt has over here.
I want the nbc version!!!! man I missed the 2012 london Olympic games, It was a great experience to watch, I wish I could relive all of it.
IMHO his greatest victory. 9,63 and he was so slow at the start, probably thinking about his false start in the world championships.
Check out this video of these guys catching am amazing Pike. Dont miss this great catch
He is one fast vatacot!
and they smoked pure Jamaican weed that night
5:18 5:34 What?
Black people are fast!
CRAZY!! :)
I love their "boy, you cant front" psych out looks for their close ups
Thanks lol!!
Americans hatin cuz they cant stand a chance. Im american and i dont hate bolt. Its simple hes the fastest alive and the fastest ever
Im proud to be a Jamaican
02:29 loooooool
race at 5:00
Awsome
HAPPY 27th BIRTHDAY to USAIN BOLT!
You know what Usain Bolt and I have in common. The same birthday. He's 27. I'm not quite as fast. Shocker, right? http://ow.ly/o7Ule﻿
Not really. The amount of training it takes to become this fast makes it pretty certain that there are no one faster.
thinking of this dude he was some jamaican man and look at him now 
Bolt is too good
aand in the hammer.....
A human CHEETAH
69 Thumbs up :D
Run, Forrest, run!
The bottle thrown just miliseconds b4 the start could've caused a false start for any of the racers . The man deserved to be punished as it could have spoiled the excitement of the highly anticipated 100m final .
Adrenaline ... at 5:00
He is the fastest known man alive, just stop.
I LOVE USAIN BOLT THE BEST 
THE BEST RACE THAT I'VE SEEN IN MY LIFE.!!!
THE BEST RACE THAT I'VE SEEN IN MY LIFE.!!!
lol@ you for thinking individual countries test their athletes instead of international sport agencies. . 
if you were faster than a man who can run 100m in 9.58 you would definitely try your luck at running in the olympics 
He's as honest as Dudus from Tivoli Gardens
I bet the 915 persons who dislike this are Americans. A bayyyy 
Anyone else noticed at 5:05 just before the start, some stupid dude throws an object on the track and the security guys seems to have spot him? 
7:24 Did that guy just slap Bolt's ass? o.O
If there was, we would know. You can't do that sort of thing without some kind of training, and word spreads quickly when you're a good sprinter.
Checkout my videos of usain bolt
No but all apart from one (so far!) have been caught doping!
He was let off on "inadvertent use". They get bombarded constantly with lists of what suplements/medications contain banned substances so they know what they are taking! If they don't read the lists and don't know then it's their own fault and should still be banned! A lot of US athletes were let off because America rules the world and could pay WADA off. :/
i want to see usain and a cheetah race :) 
Bolt and black are the best
all black 
YOU are absolutely right regarding carl lewis, he did fail and should of been treated like ben jonson, but u.s. athletes get treated differently 
usa ,!..сори 
i like you run :D 
Yohan Blake watches Richard Mille 500.000€
Can't really say Usain Bolt is the universe fastest man. Can be other people who are faster, but don't want to run for medals.
i love usain n yohan <3 yeah 
I love bolt! :') ♥
Didhe just say Fastest Loser?
He ran 19.75 in 2007 in jamaica
Ryan Bailey HOT HOT HOT!!!!
05:07 bottle thrown between numbers 6 n 7 lol
Tyson gay couldnt shave his arm
bolt = bugatti veyron. first not very fast but at the and a rocket 
can someone explain me what is so special about this guy I mean, and with all the respect to my pet, my rabbit can run a 100 meter faster than him (and even then, what does it serve?)
We know whats coming in Rio though - I reckon its Blake
Yeah you have a point but I guess we just have different opinions :) Nice debating with you
His 200m times were quite the improvement within a year as well though. From age 17-20, he only made a .02 improvement as he ran 19.91 at Osaka WC in 2007. The next year he goes all the way from 19.91 to 19.30 for a new world record! Then the next year he smashes that world record and goes to 19.19! Since 2009, both his 100m and 200m dropped off and he couldn't get near them but in 2012 at London this picked up again and he ran the second fastest 100m time ever. A PED cycle perhaps?
Sometimes I just sit and watch usain over the years #proud jamaican 
6'5
How tall is Bolt
2007 WC, Bolt goes 19.91 and barely beats Spearmon but loses to Gay who is found to have been doping. Very next year, he suspiciously smashes WR with 19.30 and year after that smashes that record with 19.19! He goes from a world class athlete in 2007 but beatable to an unstoppable machine the next 2 years. Then his times got slower again until London 2012 when they explode again. Athletes use PED cycles so that their performance will be greatest at certain times. i.e. an event or race.
Yeah in 2007 he was fairly new to 100m because he was a 200m runner, it seems realistic for someone with his speed to take a year to adapt to an event. And even if that wasn't the case, look at James Dasaolu, went from 10:03 to 9:91, you could say he was doping or you could say he had some sort of improvement in his running. And yeah you too! This is probably the calmest debate on YouTube, usually people think that because they don't know the person they can insult them needlessly. 
still getting chills
Oh the naivity is tremendous! :D So what if Gay has broken 9.8 many times, he got busted for 'roids anyway! :D I'm not say it's strictly impossible, I'm saying the odds are stacked against him!
:)
God I hate gatlin!!
this the only sport that i cheer for a differnt country other than america.baseball two domincans undeafeted jamicans sonic
thanku so much...
And that is how u do it!!!
not do defend or discredit bolt, but realize that is his first 100m race. You can't expect a brilliant performance from that. Look at his 200m in the same year. His time was 19.75, which at 20 shows great potential. If you know anything about sprinting, you can be a naturally faster runner than someone else, but that slower person can beat you because his technique is better. point is, being that it is his first 100m, chances are his technique would not be that great. 
6:19 The moment he decided to start doping.
He may not fail the tests because of the drugs he may be using. I think he probably is the fastest person in the world when he's natural as well. He's been a phenominal runner since childhood. His most suspicious act was not being able to go sub -10 before Beijing with his PB being 10.03 by 2007. Only a year later, he goes 9.69 and smashes the world record. Hmmmm...... Oh, and thanks for being nice about this! :D Most other people just swear at you and insult you if you have a different opinion.
usa jamaica usa jamaica usa jamaica usa nederlands lol 
what`s the name of the commentator?
This man is a God
This man is a God
Those chains have to come up and smack them in the face while their running.
hahaha i love how the Jamaicans introduce themselves 
I see your point but I just don't see Bolt failing a drugs test, I mean, the guy won the world youth championships when he was 15 and is the only junior to get sub-20 in 200m. He suddenly appears out of no where and breaks every record he has participated in. I understand no one can do this without suspicion but doesn't it occur to you he might just be naturally talented? 
im faster 
Seems like the americans train to have good explosive starts but the jamaicans train to finish fast.
this has to be the fastest 100m race ever? ive never seen 7/8 guys go under 10 secs
Marion Jones passed 160 drug tests before admitting to doping. The drug she used was new so they couldn't test for it. Perhaps Bolt is using undetectable drugs? So you're saying someone who is natural is much faster than 7 drug users? These drugs turn you superhuman! If you're up their with the best, you must be cheating like the rest! Carl Lewis failed multiple drug tests around the '88 games in Seoul but because of his money, he was able to cover it up.
I cannot believe someone just left a comment sayn tht jamaica has a disgusting doping record... I REALLY hope this person is nt American.. cuz they really shouldnt b talkn abt record fr doping pathetic... you cant take away frm greatness so have a seat
It's natural talent, I respect your opinion but Bolt has constantly been tested negative for doping. You'd expect them to know by now if the fastest man in history is doping and he is constantly proving his dominance in the sport like his 200m today. I'm sure he is clean.
And ehat you dont understand you get tested for doping your going to get caught either way! So you think college athletes dope? Marquise goodwin dopes? Im pretty sure they always check to see! Charles silmon dopes? He is running 9.89 and he is coming out of College so no I dont believe!
Please give me facts about them doping!
semifinals 
how did asafa get into the finals even though he was third in finals 
9.64 with a bad start of usain bolt lol ! there are a potentiel for break 9.58! 
Almost all record breaking athletes do it now. People want to see records being smashed. How many people would watch sprinting if only 1 or 2 people could go sub -10? I think they should allow it, they just have to declare if they are doping or not.
Wtf? Doping is cheating point blank period! It shouldnt be allowed no matter what
thx
If 7 of the 8 fastest runners ever have been caught doping, I'm almost certain that means the guy who is utterly dominating the sport is doping as well! Well Gay has been busted for steroids anyway!
skip to 5:00 to save 5 minutes of your life
My point is I actually think pro athletes should be allowed to dope but I think they should declare they are doping instead of telling everyone they are clean.
You can't really compare the olympics with the world championships, if the olympics were in Moscow I'm sure that it would be packed.
what a run !
Gay From USA :D
Hey mean if you're unsure, I'd rather know if it's still there or not.
He is very good
? Prczykr zckyrck przcykckrrzykrz! Who speaks Polish?
The crows was so awesome! Compare this atmosphere (London 2012) with the WC 2013 in Russia. So sad :/
What should I feel if my last name is GAY?
bolt runs fast from his legs able to stretch so wide and generate huge amounts of force on the impact to the ground....when i was smaller i used to use the same kind of technique he uses....but after my birthday and christmas..and video games and the winter....i just stayed inside alll day and got lazy to run lol
so have american so wht ur point and more would soon do it too
its cuz he has long legs!! his legs really wernt moving so fast, he was just taking huge steps!!!!
Bolt wygrał bo uciekał przed gejem ;)
What's so different about them? Jamaica has a disgusting record for their sprinters doping! Usain Bolt is the only one out the 8 fastest 100m runners who hasn't been caught with PEDs.... YET!!!!
04:11 Hahahahaha - Gay: USA
I feel bad for the guy with the last name of GAY cause on is shirt it says GAY LOL!
is god
alright fine then only those of Jamaican decent
Usain, go for 200 m gold in Moscow tomorrow!! ;-**
Nothing near that amount though! 25 years ago, only 3 runners had gone sub -10 in 100m under electronic timing and in low altitude (high altitude aids performance due to less air resistance). Carl Lewis was the first to go sub -10 in low altitude and he was juicing! Now, over 70 runners can go sub -10 in low altitude. Training regimes and diet haven't changed all that much since then and human evolution has obviously not taken place so the only conclusion is that the drugs have evolved!
so now they put usain bolt in temple run. lol
usain was 20 yo, ur muscle can take a lot of might in only three months
NOn Lemaitre didnt, look at his musculature.
@MrDuBears damn shut up !
Bolt went from 10.03 in 2007 to 9.69 in 2008 while slowing down to celebrate. Drugs much!?
Did you see any white guy on the staring line ? Lol
Black guys always win, what is the surprise in it lol
Only a matter of time. :)
so happy a black guy won 
Or claimed that to avoid drug ban? H epulled out right after Gay and Powell were caught! o_0
Or claimed that to avoid drug ban? H epulled out right after Gay and Powell were caught! o_0
Second fastest man in Africa is a white South African. :)
*Drugs
Or are you for being so naive?
He went from 10.03 as his best in 2007 to 9.69 in 2008 whilst slowing down to celebrate! Drugs much!? So you're saying in the dirtiest sport, the guy dominating is clean!? Yeah right! :/
Ok i'm not sure about the others, but Bolt I know for sure isn't doping. And Gay has previously got 9.69 and 9.71 so not his 2nd fastest.
Go look at weightlifting then!
So are most 100m runners!
No human can run that fast NATURALLY.
This was Gay's second fastest time. At the age of 30!? Gatlin ran faster here "clean" than he did doping. Suspicious huh? Blake has failed a test before and mysteriously pulls out the Moscow WC after Gay fails a test and then laters states due to injury. Why not just say it was injury straight away then? Carl Lewis, Ben Johnson and other famous doping 100m runners have all said Bolt cannot be natural!
great commentator!
How come the weightlifters are white?
Likely all using PEDs as well. :/
Blacks and whites were almost equal in the 100m up until the 1980s. Then, PEDs broke onto the scene. :/
He may already be on them. :/
Perhaps the most unclean as well! :/
A lot of them use PE drugs though! :/
African blacks aren't good at sprinting! Just look at all the black Caribbean sprinters who have been busted for PEDs!
Possibly the most unclean 100m final ever. :/
Sssshhhhh!
well, I can do better ;)
@WuApricot Do you have seen tall men as a sprinter before Bolt ? No
@WuApricot you inderstand nothing for a sprinter being tall is not an advantage at the contrary
Mr.Craft , its common sense to take ur mouse pointer to the buffering bar to easily see what is happening where . anyway thanks :)
9.64? I beat that time every morning when i miss my bus.
Say what .........
The Fastest!  :)﻿
Soory,we love the presentation of the king Usain !
GO USAIN BOLT
Yes but the fact that he has such long legs apparently should mean that he shouldn't be as good as he is at 100m I heard that on a documentary or something
Gay U.S.A lol
Bolt n'est pas une anomalie, c'est juste un avantage dû à ses origines africaines. Oui, avoir des grandes et longues jambes est un avantage pour courir vite..la preuve !
5:02 did you guys notice that little thing falling off?? :3 wtf
único que habla español hola el mas grande siempre será usain bolt
Asafa just disappoints me more and more each day
You might travel a longer distance per step, but a shorter person can move their legs at a quicker pace than a taller person can. The reason bolt is so fast is because he defies that logic, he some how is able to move his legs at a pace that matches a shorter persons. Just watch a basketball game, there is a reason the center is usually the last player down the court. It takes more effort for a bigger person to move their legs than that of a shorter person.
Bolt is an anomaly, being tall is not an advantage. 
The best 100m final ever.
Mine is 400m world record kinect 19.8
Fastest field ever assembled for a single race. Absolutely amazing!
If any of these guys are the first ones infected in a zombie apocalypse we are SCREWED. 
if i was 20 feet tall i would be the fastest person on the planet. He should just get a medal for being tall cause that's all that really matters in track.
they're black... there's nothing odd about it
You're very welcome!
have you notice why Bolt is fast as hell not only that he's tall which means longer legs more giant steps
They need to get Sonic, The Flash & Superman in this mug. On another note, did you know Flash raced Supes back in the day, and BARELY beat him? Lol, so Flash is really only good for is sprinting whereas Supes does everything else (super strength, laser eyes, flight, near-invulnerability).
Thank you!
faster*
c.Ronaldo is fastet
Jamaica had world class sprinters but not that many. Time will tell, I guess. 
Jamaica had world class sprinters but not that many. Time will tell, I guess. 
There is nothing odd about it!!! Jamaica has always have great world class sprinters...Look it up, And drugs have nothing to do with it!!!! :/
they have not been tested positive YET
Bracio amendo
if a cougar wanted to eat him he could run awayfaster and break a new record
Nice
LOL that's a bit of an unlucky statement at the moment. 
I'm sure you would too, what's your point?
5:00 reca starts :D
I'm sure I would outsprint you easily, buddy!
1 Tennis players get paid a lot more, 2 tennis players can't run 100 meters under 10 seconds, if they could, they would.
Don't be silly.
if you're insinuating that they're doping, why is that no jamaican sprinters have tested positive?
All of a sudden? Jamaican sprinters have been dominating for over 30 years. Don Quarry, Ben Johnson, Linfort Christie, John Regis, Merlene Ottey, Donovon Bailey and a few others I can't remember off the top of my head. All those sprinters where elite sprinters prior to the Bolt era. The only difference is that before most represented other countries but now they all just represent Jamaica.
Don't you think that all of a sudden there are way too many Jamaican world class sprinters??! Male and female. Jamaica is a small country... it seems a little odd. 
Its moments like this that i am proud to be JAMAICAN!!!!!!
Usain bolt ... only the name .. so nice ! he is the KING
4:33 see all the cockiness drain from his face when he realises it's not done yet. he needs to deliver right now and become a legend.
5:05 There I just saved you 5 minutes of your life.
good detection. :) :D
5:42 camera men in the same sequence as that of bolt :P 
the race starts at 05:00 ;)
BOLT IS ANIMAL !!!
6:17 Complete Epic Failure Face
The build up adds to the drama.
1:15 Al Sana At Yarağı :D 
I was there!
Seriously though...
what a lineup
Americans are so fail at running. Relays always dropping batons..wow. 100ms not their race either
It's the build-up, and then the celebration. Maybe you don't understand the magnitude of the race.
Chills
He's 94kg
Perhaps the best 100 meter race of all-time.
Rio
Usain bolt will dominate in rip
crazy
Bolt should do the long jump also. He has the speed.
The other Jamaican just gave up like midway
It actually means happy, do some research :/
Really? how do you know?
hussein bolt uses peds 
hahahha.. GAY means funny. You people change the meaning of every word.
Yeah, I wanted to be reminded of what a full stadium looked like.
the alien
7:42 usain's form is just perfect... each step powering forward with great big strides, no wonder he charged in front of everyone
1:15 Al sana :D Yarak :D 
hurensohn
if you say that there aren't white Jamaicans, 12:57 is proof!
if you say that there aren't white Jamaicans, 12:57 is proof!
too bad Blake is injured. He will be next Bolt if he stays healthy
lol look at the loser american still want attention to the camera even after losing like a dog too usain bolt... hahaha american
I love it when Bolt and Blake embrace, phenomenal!!!!!!!
The photographers fast reaction made me die laughing HAHA!
5:04 bottle
Bolt said in an interview that the competition is the easiest part. The real difficult part is the training behind the scenes to reach that status in the first place
Only 9 seconds to be successful ? Sigh .... A tennis players goes through 6 hours of tough competition to win a single match, Bolt & this sport are overrated
Lets hope he's not already on it because if he is then that's the 100 meters down the pan.
Im here to watch a legend 
yea problem? true fans enjoy amazing british commentary 
13 minute video for a 9 second race. 
i would love to see him on trialed enhanced drugs i reckon he could get sub 9:00:) 
gots world championships vid
check channel for the usain bolt in mascow
Man
Awesome bolt
Yes Yes I Am
YES XD
YES XD
yes hahahaha
White ppl cant run?
I remember everyone was like... damn... Usain is slacking this year, Yohan might win this time.... nope. Usain just wasn't trying :)
haha yes!
yes lol
anyone here because of the world championships 
One of the proudest moments in Olympic history.
10:31 
I'm here because i wanted to check why Asafa Powell did 11.99. i feel sorry for him.
Nice
 its nice to feel when you know that someone think about you,someone need you but i feels much better when you know that someone never forget about your happiness..i really miss you the London 2012 final..and Usian u are a genius greetings from the SMILING COAST OF AFRICA THE GAMBIA 
EL NACIO PARA ESTO (USAIN BOLT) 
Go 03:11 ,if you don't wanna waste time ....
just cause he hench and would bang you out
THE GUY'S NAME IS BOLT WHAT YOU EXPECT HIM TO BE SLOW?
Jamaica, we the best
Massive stunning, keep it up 
thank you
HAhahaha same 
100m in 9.64 seconds it tkaes me 9 seconds to get off the couch
WR DOES NOT = World Championship. A WR can be done at any time, either in the Olympics, the World Championships or any other race meet. 
Same here,I've just watched the 200 and the relay lol
I'm here because Usain just ran :p
OR = Olympic Record = Olympic Games WR = World Record = World Championship
Bolt is amazing, still, it must have sucked for tyson gay geting 4th by 0.01 of a second.
There all black......
Usain 2013
Wow
ok thank you I forgot about that
some threw a bottle on 5:06
some threw a bottle on 5:06
Amazing sports drink 0 grams of sugar.
"BOlts like "ain't no body got time for that" 
USA GAY 
Uhh gay
Olympic Record
olympic record
what does OR mean under World Record?
If I was Bolt I would ridicule the photographers by doing random stop start sprints in random directions as they desperately try to keep up with the quick random movements and fall over as I run past and around them :P 
Race starts at 5:07
Christophe Lemaitre don't forget.
powell stars like an absoute maniac!!!
5:09 Bottle suggests someones drunk !!
they gt black running in the sun , earlier thy were whites.
how come everyone on "Jeopardy" is white
Just a genetics thing.
how come every runner in the olympics are black
Who threw the bottle? :D 5:05
He should change his name to INSANE BOLT!!!
Almost always in the final of this race. I think it has something to do with explosive energy.
Or, maybe he's just brilliant at what he does(?) :)
I appreciate the diversity.
i reckon i could blow my load in 9 seconds if i went for it
5:12 claps to the commentator :D
5:04 who else saw the flying bottle on the left side of the screen trying to hit BOLT?
lol what a name Tyson GAY ahahahahahaa
i love you i want to beat your record 
don't you even blink
No one tested positive for this race, Gay and Powell are quite recent and Blake doesn't cheat. Gatlin cheated ages ago, don't think he does anymore.
Like the Olympics watch the Olympic version of the fast food song
but is he faster than sonic
Think about it. Wake up in the morning and see if you can get up before Usain runs the 100m. 
Have to ask Jesus for permission to run first.
All blacks
so god helps a guy run in a race but he lets children die of starvation?
Jamaican pride right there. 
You know somethings wrong when you're watching this, and you have an assignment due tomorrow. 
And Bob Marley, and weed
05:02 If you don't wanna waste time.
He is the only thing cool about Jamaica. Other than beef pies
This is men's.
incroyable ! la vitesse !
as a child Bolt got sucked into a tank of nitrous oxide
5:05 for the start
Girls?
OMG would u look at those girls looking at their butts... i'd do that too if i was one of them...
Usain Bolt wasn't even trying!!!
Usain Bolt wasn't even trying!!!
1:04 xdddd
His jog or fast walk is my sprint probs 
Far out I can`t even put one sock on it 9 seconds. YOU ROCK SO MUCH USAIN BOLT!
Oh my gosh, he is not human... ohh my gosh
Cant wait to get him on temple run 2
half of those who contested were caught cheating later
Tyson Gay xD
yeah haha correct
cos they fast
Gay USa :))
because no white man could ever run that fast 
He made a sanctification because he knows Who is God before all the fantastics men GOD EXIST. 
Why is there only black peoples .. ? 
My beer can hold me, do that.
hahaha did anyone see the beer bottle thrown on the track ? that could have gone alot worse had it hit one of the runners
not sure rap battle or olympics game.
Absolutely spectacular race, and a spectacular games... if lifts me to watch this again.
If my woman is in the mood for it... trust me.. Im running faster than any of these dudes :-) 
I`m faster than Bolt!
Starts at 5:02
Tyson Gay LOL
Justin Gatlin has a cute face.
It's good that it's all Black men. That's SERIOUS sport.
lol...then you dont qualify for being the photographer 
"9.63 A superb demonstration of power sprinting" 
I do not think so!
like if temple run brought you here
The way Bolt overtook Gatlin lool, made him seem as nothing
say that too his face...
nope.he's jealous
Watch it a 2x speed, he does it even faster :)
This is a perfect example of united our world is. Is the Olympics too much for you guys?
ESE HOMBRE ES EL HIJO DEL VIENTO!!!! 
He ran 100m in a little over 9 sec.... I can't even get off bed that fast p.q
Yeah, it was a spectator throwing a plastic beer bottle apparently to try and distract Bolt so he'd get a bad start. The spectator ended up getting sentenced to an 8-week community order. 
Dear Santa, gimme some Type II B fast twitch muscles please aight? Yours truly, Tyrone P.S. It's a real simple favor aight, im just axing you one little favor, so please make it happen. 
Tyson Gay, fro USA
well for a more accurate record......DRUGS
by the way.. why people dislike this video? Lol I don't understand 
It begin 5:00
Sorry, but you obviously have very little knowledge. EPO does not help sprinters, distance endurance atheletes use EPO.
skip to 5;00 to start
lol seriously your making fun of asafa because of that. the majority of the people on the line up of this race has failed at least one drug test and used some sort of enhancement like actual steroids that is far less supported in the sport then what asafa powell used. plus what i mentioned the thing asafa is strongest at is his start. that is all about form and no drug effects that. Asafa's skill at exploding out of the blocks is purely just who asafa is and always was with or without drugs.
Damn that man is fast!
Love u Usain xxxx
the Bahamas is coming soon 
asafa? LOL , he was always eating EPO to be good
i think due to his incredible start if asafa was younger and trained against these people when he was younger and could last a race like this without an injury i think he was fast enough to stay in front of them. if he competed with these people when he was younger i think he would have been able to stay in front of them. asafa is an amazing sprinter maybe not better then usain but no one has ever had a better start. he trips his weight ahead of everyone i find it so amazing.
i feel really bad for asaf powell he is an amazing sprinter his age may be catching up with him but there is no doubt he in history has the fasted start of all sprinters even at this age which he is definately getting old for this sport you can all see against the greats his start is better then all of them it always has been and still is unfortunately his age caught up with him and he strained a muscle there thats why he did not finish. he is still the fastest 50m sprinter. 
i feel really bad for asaf powell he is an amazing sprinter his age may be catching up with him but there is no doubt he in history has the fasted start of all sprinters even at this age which he is definately getting old for this sport you can all see against the greats his start is better then all of them it always has been and still is unfortunately his age caught up with him and he strained a muscle there thats why he did not finish. he is still the fastest 50m sprinter. 
wtf happened to the third Jamaican, he just stopped running half way through
Bolt is so tall and has long legs, its not fair
It starts at 4:34
Mentally they are.
Well if putting one foot in front of the next is too difficult to master...lol smh....They should rethink their propaganda.. 
The photographers @5.46! hahaha
lol sum1 threw sumthing wen dey said 'set' :P 
I laughed so hard when the commentator said 'gay USA '
Not in racing perhaps. 
no he is not faster than bolt. :D if he looses some weight maybe he become as fast as bolt.
Where are the White people??...I thought they were the superior Race.
Blake, Gatlin, Powel, Gay and next...
gay 2:19??? 
Bolt vs Blake Vs Gay Vs Powell
Ohh my god. You sound exactly like what the people were saying about Barry Bonds in baseball. That's what the naive people were saying about Barry Bonds when he was shattering every home run record imaginable. So you can honestly say, in the dirtiest sport, the guy who is dominating this sport is clean? Because he has long legs? That's laughable. He doesn't even get good starts, and still shatters records.
But then again. He's basically a freak of nature with huge ability and almost no formal training. This guy is basically a freak of nature, as I said. These type of people come once in a generation. Justin Gatlin has tested positive before so I wouldn't doubt him, but Usain Bolt I highly doubt. It's his long legs, his stride, and his natural ability 
the best in history 
4ever Bolt 
Ow.
Hamstring
Good video
meeeh boring bolt vs rudisha would be much better
Why did Powell stop?
Thanks. 
Did anyone else see the thing thrown on the track at 5:03
Joe Momma, If you wish to participate in this process you need to get your facts straight. Mr. Blake did not test positive for steroids. In fact, he did not test positive for anything on the IAAF list. That's how uninformed you are. Kindly research Mr. Blake's case and post a retraction. 
stupid and ignorant
can you prove it ? 
Commentator sounds so fake (must have been added on to later to avoid copyright).
Asapha Powell is 6-3. And he still found the need to cheat. Usain Bolt was good when he was young. And if they all were clean, he probably would be the fastest. But in this world we are in now you have to cheat to compete at the top level. There is no way he is better than every other sprinter in the world, that he can let all them use PED's, and him not use them, and still win, by a lot. That's insane to think that.
most of those guys are 5'9", 5'10". Most 100 meters men are around this height. How tall is Usain Bolt? 6' freaking 5". A tall freak of nature. He's comparable in speed but his stride lengths are much longer. I do agree with you that the sport has become ridiculous in terms of doping. But I truly believe Bolt is a different story. He's been a prodigy since childhood - the youngest junior world champ in the sport at age 15. He's broken all the junior and senior world records. Clean, son.
Check out my video of the Sainsbury's Anniversary Games. Camera flashes for Usain Bolt as he enters the stadium!
so 2 of the 3 medal winners, once tested positive for steroids. And now they are faster than they used to be, after back from suspensions. Hmm wonder if they are cheating. And Usain Bolt beats these cheaters, hmmm wonder if he is cheating. This sport might be dirtier than Cycling. I would go as far to say every person in this race is on steroids.
thanx a lot
Just hear today Mo farah and Usain Bolt to race over 600 metres for chairty, no idea who my pick would be to win that one, very interested to see that one
alın amk yorulmayın 05.05
never noticed that powell stumbles on his start! thats what probably did his muscle and why he wasnt his normal self in that race
I wonder how many times I've watched this now...
not really, a human is special for it being intelligent, not for being nearly as fast as a rabbit or our far ancestors who ran on 4 limbs
that it is all not that interesting or special humans are intelligent, that makes them special, not that they can run nearly as fast as a rabbit
i think blake should loose some weight lol
one in 100000000000 0000000000 000000000 000000000 0000000000 0000000000000 000 000000 000 00000 000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000
Usain Bolt =Human Evolution
"Such theatre" idk y but it cracks me up everytime i hear it 
Your point being what exactly?
BOLT is awsome he is just so cool but he was lagging this time to be honest
what the hell tyson gay whatttt
so many animals faster than Bolt Cheetah is easily twice as fast! but a Rabbit would also beat him:) boring
Finishes at 5:17 - a 13.20 sec clip :p
Finishes at 5:17 - a 13.20 sec clip :p
speechless 
GAY XD
01:04 "GAY" XD
Bolt is a God !
ก่อนออกตัวแปบเดียวมีคนปาขวดลงมา
Eh .. what is like to be .. your name .. gay ehh
Haha, check out the blond at 1:02, checking out the runners... lol.. She's like, "bloody yummy, I hope I can assist later as well..." 
idiot. the top 2 of the semi final races qualify, and there are 3 fastest losers. That's what they meant.
Bolt is incredible. 
Lmao, at 1:00 they said Asafa Powell, fastest loser.
Powell had to ruin it getting injured :p
Usain bolt i like it
Not probably but absolutely. A casual person doesn't understand that 99% of elite athletes regardless of sport are on PEDs. Passing drug tests is not difficult at all. But seriously, why would you care what they're using. People wanna see new world records, don't they? And that's exactly what athletes works so hard to give them. There is no point in trying to chase PED users, they'll never get any sport clean, fact.
5:05-5:07 Kylie bottle it.
6:51 ROFL, He left that kid hanging...
Acabo de ver a Dios correr¡¡¡¡ :) 
Starts at 5:00
sooo emphatic 
That was literally me when I spilt water over my laptop today and ran for something to wipe it up.
802 people disliked this? what are you all crazy?! How can you dislike Bolt?! 
HAHAHAHA 
oohhhhh
Ps, I love america and the people there
and thats funny how?why is gay an insult?
He is my HERO :)
Singh*
Cornmeal, Ackee, Plantain poridge, Steam fish and that island natural goods will do it to ya.
Bob marley would be proud
He is so slow
cheap.
he ended up in a gas chamber
Wonder what happened to the dumb person that threw the bottle!! 5:06
Ihr Huansöhne
Hahahahahahha
Because all the slow ones are in prison....gay
m sure bolt farted to give him a boost !
Racist
Haha he said "USA, GAY"! XD
Are you kidding me? When a black person hears a gunshot, their legs do this by instinct.
Face it guys, he's probably doping. They're all probably doping. 
Before compeateing 20. Mins before
Bolt trained for this relay well went to mc donnalds Be
All in a days work, God bless Usain
1:02 powell the fastest loser lol
1:00 (Girl in the back) Omg look at all this black D!!! LMAO 
Tyson GAY nice name :D :D :D 
bolt﻿
Poor Powell. Even the narrator even downgrades him slightly in the rare mention of him
there's really no point in trying to have running for the Olympics when 2 people of the SAME country win the top spots, AND BOTH OF THEM ARE MEDALISTS. People say black people are faster.....its not a stereotype.....just true. To think anyone can actually run faster than Bolt. Even got 'Bolt' as a last name, nuff said
there's really no point in trying to have running for the Olympics when 2 people of the SAME country win the top spots, AND BOTH OF THEM ARE MEDALISTS. People say black people are faster.....its not a stereotype.....just true. To think anyone can actually run faster than Bolt. Even got 'Bolt' as a last name, nuff said
Good job bolt can't wait To see record timing of 9.1 for 2016 in the 100m for Jamaica. Let's do it !
Gay
His name is Bolt, whg wouldnt he destroy
Lol
Someone throws a bottle on the track at 5:06!
i wish i was black and tall..or at least black.. or tall
Your kind are one of my favorite people on Youtube.
how can there be a race of 9 sg Go, 9 sg ups End wtf
the hype and excitement for the men's 100m in london was MASSIVE!! this year in moscow is just MEH
Of course they are all black. 
I love how it's a 13 and a half minute video for a less than 10 second run.
LOL... I never saw that you asked about the gravitational force. :P
LOL Wrong! Your equation is one that represents gravitational force. While mine has to do with his momentum in response to your comment(his strides(velocity) and his weight(mass[which I know isnt the same]) :P :P :P
Bolt <3
What if Blake really isn't hurt and he with drawn because to avoid drug ban and preventing Bolt from winning in Moscow? Jk, why the hell would i think that? Best of luck to Bolt at Moscow!
Not all Africans are fast. However the African gene pool is more diverse so probably a more likely to have fast genes. Lou Xiang was very fast and Chinese. About mentally slow, most African students in Western University do far better than local students. Its more complex than that. BTW I am Kenyan-Italian, and my Kenyan dad is a scientist, and my Italian mom is a housewife - and while I love my mom, she can't be half as smart as he is.
Powell y Gay es una generacion, Bolt es otra diferente y Blake y Gatlint es otro muy diferente, creo que no veremos otra final parecida a esta
Wrong! Fg = G (m1*m2)/(d^2) where G= gravitational constant (6.67*10^-11 Nm^2/kg^2) m1 and m2 = the masses object 1 and object 2 respectively d=the distance (in meters) between the two objects (note: it is sometimes referred to as r, as the equation is mainly used when dealing with stars, which have circular orbits, meaning we use radii for distance) Note that the gravitational acceleration on earth is approx. 9.8 m/s^2 (so your Fg on earth is m*g, where g=9.8 and m=mass of object/person)
P = m x V
Ok :'( that makes me sad but the women in the background mm that ass
please explain how he's overrated? i mean in most sports saying someone is the best ever is an opinion but in track it's a fact he hold the world record in the 100 and the 200m.
Milkha sing !!!!!
Gay USA hahahaha xD
1:05 Women in background "Mmmm that ass of Tyson Gay"
@oceanincolorado if you hold the world record of 100m you can say that.
1:05 GAY
I agree bolt's stride is bigger then others, what about bolt's weight¿ which seems to be bigger then others as well, what about the gravitational force acting on that weight¿
@semt9 It's only a disadvantage over the first 10 metres because once he gets into his stride he's moving his legs just as quickly as the others only he has the long stride advantage
 =Y09W8o28eBM
5:26...So cute~~
1:05 blonde at the back. "Mmmh dat ass."
His height is actually kind of an anomaly though, a large stride is not as valuable as a short stride and high feet turnover (cadence) in running
if blake ran here as relaxed as he did his 9.69 race then this could have been a photo finish decision
...And human so what's your point
Camera men be all like:Quick take a picture of bolt kissing the ground.
Am i the only one that noticed that blonde chick checking the runners out
They're all black......
Which is why there are so may other 6'5 sprinters out there.
bolts stride lets him run away like that take that away then it becomes interesting 
5:07, nice lob, but didn't effect anything at all
BBC Sport - 'Yohan blake out of world championships in August due to hamstring injury'... 
The thing is Bolt is so much taller and has such a larger stride than everyone else that's why he wins if he wasn't 6'5 the race would be a lot closer
Really 
Really 
احلا جمباز 2013﻿
Imagine if you just went to the bathroom for just 10 seconds you would have missed it. LOL!
hamstring injury
KMT at 5:00 someone throw a bottle in bolts lane to try confuse him and make him do a false start.
Why is yohan ruled out 
Why is yohan ruled out 
I think yohan blake is gonna take the 100 in 2016
After watching this race again if bolt had taken 1 more stride instead of starting to dip 5m from the line he would've got the world record
5:03 Thank me later
Yohan, Tyson, Asafa are all ruled out of the championships now. Gatlin has got nothing on Usain. Bolt has no competition. I wonder how he's going to break 9.58 now.
GATLIN!
Tyson gay had the lead then he slowed down ;/
can't beat bolt
No one has been done for "doping" as such in the last few weeks, it's all over pre workout supplements which everyone takes, but as they are all different they all contain different ingredients... Some of which are banned
if Bolt gets done for Doping sprinting will be in tatters, who will be the role models??
5:05 Thank me later.
It was a reference to Tyson Gay, surely you got that?
your not funny
...usain bolt dopes 
asafa's face :(..................LOOOOL narh i love him i honestly felt sorry for him that night
Well i'm an alien that goes from zero to sixty in .5 seconds is that good?
it starts at 4:33 
im 11 years old im WHITE and i run 80m in 8.7 and 100m 10.1 is that good ?
Please be a troll..
at what age does the average 100m sprinter start declining? I'm not too sure Asafa Powell will ever be able to contend for a new world record again at the age of 30 :/ it's a shame.
Lol come to think of it, it is funny
Ready. Set. *video buffers*
Why?
ok ok ok ok now stop barking -_-
SPEED HACK.... 
what!? you do realize that christian is a religion and I said Usaine bolt is not a muslim he is a christain. I corrected you because you said he is a jamaican not a christain which makes no sense. You can be jamaican and a christain BE JAMAICAN IS A NATIONALITY! and CHRISTAIN IS A RELIGION. Usaine Bolt Is a christian man. because that is the religion he follows. I didnt mention anything about his personality or his name or anything. I was simply saying he is a christain not a muslim.
Im from the US and im a fan of bolt and I've been following him since he was about 15 and he dominated the jr circuit then. People need to quit hating. The man is just a special talent. He broke 20secs at 17 in the 200m
Yes! He ran 10.01 one year and then the next he ran a 9.69. That's just, non-human.
lol good english 
You have ZERO evidence of that. If he ever tests positive for anything then you can make a comment. Until then, Gay joins the long list of American cheats. 
SBOOOOOOOOOOOOOOM BOLT!!! LA VELOCITà FATTA PERSONA!!
if gay runs 9.75 with Juice, and Bolt 9.58 without... How fast could Bolt be?... U see this is pathetic... Bolt also takes unallowed substances, he just gets not cought...
Thank You
Tyson Gay 
5:05 thank me later
Fastest loser so NOT a compliment. 
matter of time before bolt tests positive. 
As a Jamaican I'm very upset Tyson Gay, tested positive. I wanted him to beat Bolt, so he can get back into his hard working. He needs 9.4 and sub 19. Man Tyson Gay I have mad respect still. Gg Asafa age caught you aswell.
I think they do that after they determine the tailwind speed during the race
It's GAY to use doping.... Okay, that's not funny.
Anyone notice that he got 9.64 and they changed it to 9.63?
lol i agree he should get his name changed
looks like a bottle of beer 
Yep, he got charged for it too
Yep, he got charged for it too
Grow up.
[insert racist reply here] you racist lol
He is Christian, he said it him self in one of the documentaries. So stfu
Does that really make sense to you, read your comment over agian
Does that really make sense to you, read your comment over agian
I hate bolt because him big is better blake
Cool runner!
Olympic final and Bolt says "eh... I'm just gonna pass them and leave them all behind"
But not the fastest *rumbles* 
Tyson is Gay xD he's fast tho...
la technologie et le dopage font ces résultats !
GO ON BOLT STICK IT UP YOUR ARSE GET FRST PLACE
maybe one of the greatest boxer in the world, cassius clay as. muhammad ali? lol.
race starts at 5:04
I am a Jamaican and I know bolt.... its only his name i know but not his personality. my friend, how can u say bolt is a "christian"? my point is, i do not know if he go to church and accept Jesus in his heart. so it dont make any sense if u call him a christian. maybe u should look up the meaning of christian? 
Hes a christian not a muslim*
lol why muslim always win, since when do muslims ever win...at anything...in any way.
The should have him race a Toyota Prius in the 100m and see who would win
Usain Bolt and Michael Phelps should have a playdate.
Nice job!
this was last year.... damn time goes fast!
greatest commentator i have ever seen 
Gay What?
did the guy talking in the beginning at 0:49 just call usa gay?
I think the noise may have startled Bolt and caused him to run really fast. 
lol!
LOL GAY HAHA XD
They did it to try and get them to have a false start and they would be disqualified.
Do not steal his chicken he will catch you =D
The fact that one guy is wearing a big sign that says GAY makes me laugh.
Why not? Is it a problem? Also, that sign of the cross he did doesn't exactly scream "Muslim" to me.
isn't that dangerous 2 javelin an running? just sayin 
No because you're the 5th person to say that
5:05 am I the only one that saw that somebody threw something onto the track
A Dutch athlete punched the guy who threw the bottle of which Bolt said: the olympics have to be without fights.
Just because his name is Usain doesn't make him Muslim.
Oh, his last name was Gay. For a second I genuinely thought that at the Olympics you had to wear a giant sign if you were homosexual...
Fastest man alive baby
Imagine Usain Bolt as a zombie... we will all die.
Its baseclly usa vs jamaca. Ft trinidad
no moiz haha, he says and I quote "I was raised in a church" and his mother in a documentary says that she thanks Jesus
usain bolt is muslim he even does the sajida 
PLEASE!!! I can run 200 in 29.48 seconds likd this MANE
You're wrong my friend.Usain Bolt is not a muslim.He is a catholic.I think you thought he was a muslim just because of his name.64% of the Jamaican population is Christianity.Other small groups include Muslims, who claim 5,000 adherents,as do the Mormons.
u still have to learn a lot about trolling,dat was just weak dude
a 13 minute video to watch 10 seconds of running, needle in a hay stack
Race Replay Button: 5:03 5:03 5:03 5:03 
wtf is wrong with Tyson's start it almost looks like he's stumbling. should really do sumthing about that lol.
and muslim always loose
Is not muslim
13:14 Draaaaven
4:47 You are very very very very very very stupid
27.2 mph
27.2 mph
Bevore the "set" comand a glassbottle flew and land behind the athletes!!! 
@ travismanning46 9.19 and 18.81 is IMpossible for bolt. Its as simple as that. Stop dreaming!!!!
Anyone else notice that someone threw something from the stands in the beginning of the race??
You know I really think that Usain Bolt will unleash his rank speed In 2016 at rio to win the 100m in a time of 9.19 And 200m in 18.81 These Jamaicans are going to bring the relays Record to its lowest 36.36 if I can say. Yes lets go Jamaca 2016!
thx for pointing that out sherlock. 
Good
man. ... when he is running he is running 
Yeah I know hes not. 
Doesn't change the fact that he isn't Muslim lol.
i was ther he is a boss
hahahah true
Not much more. 
Well, his parents named him well. "Insane" "Bolt(Bullet)"
maybe
Doesn't apply here since Bolt is Catholic, but I'm pretty sure Jamaicans can also be Muslim if they choose. :P 
My Grandfather was a Muslim and he was born in Jamaica. His parents relocated to Jamaica from India in the early 1900's. My surname is very Muslim...KHAN
he can easily run from the po-lice
I am 14 and I run a 11.02
Islam is a religion not an ethnicity. I could be a Jamaican Muslim if I chose to be.
Bolt's average pace in this race is 23.229 MPH. He obviously needed to accelerate from 0 at the beginning and probably slowed down slightly at the end, so I would believe he might have gotten just over 24 MPH. 
That means 11 minutes and 54 seconds. I think you meant to write 11.54 ...and that would be impressive if it were true
Jamaican is a nationality; Muslim is a follower of the Islam religion. 
I can do 150 m in 33.23 sec but wow he is so so so fast (I'm 11 with small legs lol)well done bolt and Blake!!! I've had a pic with bolt when I was like 3/4 lol
did anyone else see the bottle at the start?
maybe a grammar nazi by the name of 1sushicheese1 should teach him some grammar
*taught Someone needs to teach you some grammar. 
Itotallyadoredogs just teached you a lesson.
Muhamed ali??
Bolty is too good
Amazing Usain
HA TYSON GAAAAAAY!
He actually runned about 9.629999999999995 seconds
Usain is a beast:)
Most watched video ever on youtube.com/olympics Athletics Men's 100m Final Full Replay - London 2012 Olympic Games - Usain Bolt﻿
always win? when has someone been noticed for winning and being a muslim?
I was relly hoping for a Powell surprise win... Too bad he had that groin injury...
Well Jamaican is a nationality and Muslim is the belief in Islam. It's possible to be both. 
...you're really weird. I have no idea what makes you think that there's something wrong with me. I'm just keeping my cool here and you're overreacting...
there is something wrong with you I'm just gonna stop replying to you
Who said that I did? No need to use sarcasm on things unsaid. Go get your head checked.
lol whatever kid, yeah you must know so much about me. 
You sound like you're confused. You don't need training to be fast. You can STILL have speed, EVEN if you don't have training. I've already said it before, man. And seeing that you're a skeptic maestro and not much of a person that knows about running... Look, I take track and I know what I'm talking about. You're just a maestro that's skeptical about music. Let's keep our lives the same, shall we?
Being really tall with a giant stride isn't going to do that without training. Anyways he would still need speed, not just a long leg stride
Hey, you don't need training to be fast. He could be really tall with a giant stride. 11.02 it not that impossible. To you that probably sits around all day long on the computer, it may seem like a forbidden time, but yeah, it's not impossible to take on 11.02 if you have some natural speed.
ok. but 11.02 with no training at 17? 
ok
what the hell lol what's the point of calling someone a liar on youtube i'm not defending anyone but this dude even said it was his first time when he ran, so he obviously couldn't take a video of it...
I ran 100 meters in 11.09 seconds and I'm a 13 year old girl. c;
I ran 100 metres in 12.21 seconds and I'm twelve
I ran 100 metres in 12.21 seconds and I'm twelve
Martina is awesome
GAYY 
When Alando wrote "Usain Bolt is a Jamaican, not a Muslim!" He made a mistake by thinking Muslim is a Nationality. So userjo was just correcting his mistake, not defending anyone.
Race starts at 5:05 
lol just explaining the obvious, don't cry about it.
6:50 the kid in the pink jacket XD
Don't dig yuself any deeper my yute. U gonna find a few muslims in Ja. A little bit of everything is there , that's Jamaica for u.
The Bolt Show.
Seems you dont know the difference between Nationality and Religion. Even if you leave "your country: Jamaica you are still Jamaican by nationality. "Islam" is a religion that can be practiced by any nationality. Read a book. 
no you didn't. you can make a typo of 10.89 and mean it as 11.02. liar i bet you don't even play sports 
01:05 wtf?! was that
beasts*
oh everybody in these prove are black men ,they are the bests
wtf u know about jamaica? are u a jamaican? LMAO!! in my country jamaica, no one can be called a "muslim" if he/she is born and raise in jamaica. jamaica is not an islam either..... if u want to know jamaica well, google it! 
because i was meant too say 11.02 instead of 10.89!
no you didnt. first you said 10.89 and then you say 11.02. liar
shoush will you i did it 11.02!
Blake right behind, tek dat America. 2nd fastest.
yes imagine, he'd be slower because his quick turnover would decrease significantly, same goes with most short sprinters. You assume every sprinter would benefit from a height increase? You're an idiot lol
Cool!!﻿
You can be from Jamaica and be Muslim. Islam is a religion not a nationality. 
I thought Powell ran a 11.99, or was he DQed for stepping out of his lane? It didn't show him.
race starts at 5:07
Dude Muslim is a religion not a country.
Buuuuuut, why does he always come in first? And beat all the records? 
A Jamaican can be a Muslim.
lol why did he stop LOL
He is awesome!
5:37 watch the cameramen lol
dude, tats not cool. Its his name man
Where the hell you been man? Usain Bolt is a Jamaican, not a Muslim! 
@SirGlostikz -_- goodbye.
I bet you Tyson was like "Ha gayyyyy"
"9.64"
I'd be like can I have my first name on my shirt instead?!?! lol 'Gay'
no you didn't your a liar
Thank god he was born.he probably runs that fast because he has the last name of bolt but wow 😳
i was actually meant to say 11.02
I know suppost to type that
begins at 05:02 
Sox tht was meant 2 say Gatlin autocorrect
no 1 likes Gatling
"i wanna be Usain Bolt" my sister said then i say you gotta practice your moves. 
5:01 Thank me later.
I'm sorry that makes absoulutely no sense.
28 mph actually
and you ran 10.89 elecctronic with no training ?
Im 17!
Im 17!
im excited. i wanna do again so that i can get one more ipad :P. its not a joke, never forget to fill with your mail id and ph number. dont run away have a try now : bit.ly/124xLxG?=kdjfrv
nope
i did
no you didn;t vid or nothing happened 
27 
Yes MPH Usain bolt runs 24 MPH
I ran 100m in 10:89 seconds in my first time
1. [JAM] Usain Bolt 9.63 2. [JAM] Yohan Blake 9.75 3. [USA] Justin Gatlin 9.79 4. [USA] Tyson Gay 9.80 5. [USA] Ryan Bailey 9.88 6. [NED] Churandy Martina 9.94 7. [TRI] Richard Thompson 9.98 8. [JAM] Asafa Powell --:-- 
anyone else see a bottle being thrown behind the athletes at 05:04 minutes
1:04 wtf
is tyson gay ever got in front of usain bolt at the start i think he can go 9.5
I ran 100m in 11:54.My first time
I run 100m in 10 seconds WTF
so turn it to 1080p??
To blurry
very fast and yet it is so tall... tall people are usually very slow
They should put cheetahs there and run 100m and see what the time is
27.79 mph
ok thx
Height does not affect TOP speed, BUT it does affect acceleration. The lower center of gravity you have, the quicker you can accelerate. This is why Bolt doesn't dominate the first 30 meters of ANY of his races.
Not 30+. The human body can't move faster than 26 MPH. Bolt is coming in at about 25 at TOP speed in this race. He averages 23.21 MPH in this race.
asafa powell had to ruin it lol
about 22mph 
they go about 22 mph 
30+ mph
incredible runners 
Interesting. Then why don't midgets run in the Olympics? lol...Just kiddin' :D
Scientist said that height does NOT affect your speed. In fact bolt height was first though to be too tall to get close to WR, which he then showed could be done. So ye, lets say imagine if bolt was same height as blake. 
Muslim? Bolt made the cross on his chest right before the race.
Imagine if Blake had the same height as Bolt. Anyways....how fast do these runners get up to? MPH? 
They have to win at something, it's definitely not life.
im 16 and i can run 100m in 28.40. is that good?
everyone is black lol 
why muslim always win?
I think there are faster white guys than Bolt, its just that they become bankers and lawyers... Lamaitre runs easily 9.90... but you see white guys can always fall back on being car salesmen or some cheap white collar job, the black guy has to make it or else he sleeps hungry... so the motivation level is different. I don't believe in genetic BS. 
tyson gay is a us runner and the commentater was like "gay usa" meaning tyson gay from usa but it came out funny right
Usain bolt is fantàstic ouuuuuu usuari love pèsol
I am going to be in the Olympics to in track and field! You guys just wait till you see me name "Tanzanay Allen"!!!
Usain bolt is the fasties person right now have not been bet
Gatlin is an idiot.. smh
yes he was the first jamaican to win gold in the 100m event at the olympics which was 08! That is true!! 
Like if you came here because of the trials?
Not every1 first roids not a single athlete n my high school does them besides 2 and there both on wrestling
he's christian
STATIONARY CRAWL WALK JOG RUN SPRINT BOLT
Why we even fighting over American and Jamaican? They're all black either way. As long as we didn't lose to a white boy, then we good.
Looks like you'll need to wait untill I can copy and paste Walter ol' buddy ol' pal.
Looks like this pathetic update has made YouTube even more glitchy, still says comment limit reached yet I can still comment.
Name one???
Name one???
Are you????
I believe, if everyone was doping the results would have been the same, the different is how much you want it. 
start at 5:00
0:10 Usain bolt was not the first jamaican to win gold in the 100m
yohan blake was fighting with gatlin and gay lol 
:O)
when he was just striding at the end he still runs faster than the general population. what has the world come to..
Imbecilic comment limit, once it's up I'll drop some knowledge. Tah tah.
Lets see.
"gay usa" cracked me up
swag
Are you????
Justin Gatlin is so fast he almost beat Yohan blake in the end
Wow... Walter Alexander, has been going on for over a year and a half. Check Shelly Ann FP 100M olympic video comments if you want proof. I pitty you kid. So much hate. Hating on the Jamaicans at every turn. Then when you don't have a comeback to a comment you go off topic and say how JA is poor, USA has more sport, etc. I'm sorry man but you are a sore butt hurt looser. Let me drop some knowledge on ya.
Ohaaaa :-) wie schnell
he used staminup
Speed hack.
Men's Final 100m Olympic Games 2012 1.[JAM] Usain Bolt 9.63 2.[JAM] Yohan Blake 9.75 3.[USA] Justin Gatlin 9.79 4.[USA] Tyson Gay 9.80 5.[USA] Ryan Bailey 9.88 6.[NED] Churandy Martina 9.94 7.[TRI] Richard Thompson 9.98 8.[JAM] Asafa Powell 11.99 
Are you Schizophrenic?
/watch?v=dGiEKeJnmpg THAT IS ALL
1:00 amk gayı
Michael Johnson said you did.
USAIN BOLT:)
He is christian, idiot. 
Lol jamaicans are so sensitive about their little country
Before you judge stuff, get it right. Jamaica have fast blood. Stop hating because your country lost. If you wanna say things like that, you should tell your country to work harder so they can beat Jamaicans even if they do use drugs. I'm pretty sure Americans have the most drug cheats, and I'll tell you this -- Jamaica is much better than America in many cases.
The theory that ALL professional athletes are doping is one of the most ridiculous theories ever, because it's based upon NOTHING. If everyone was juicing there'd be a lot more being busted than there already are. Every time I come across someone expressing this dumb idea I think what an idiot.
I didn't know that.
They don't get caught ALL the time because there are methods to avoid being caught. Are you that naive to think that athletes at the top level aren't using illegal substances to push their abilities further than their natural capabilities? There is too much money involved NOT to use drugs. Google your American hero Lance Armstrong, and lets see if you become less ignorant when it comes to sports and steroid usage.
'Some individuals are more athletically gifted than others something that simple can be observed among the general populous'.Michael Johnson said you forgot to put LIKE USAIN between the words 'individuals' and 'are'. 
You don't have to do but according to the evidence you do and a lot of you have been caught and banned because of this
No way, we're naturally fast and work hard. We don't have to cheat.
Allyson Felix chose to sit out for the U.S. 100m trials to focus more on her signature event the 200.
BREAKING NEWS: American women have just ran the 4 fastest times in the world this year at the U.S. Championships. In the absence of the injuried Carmelita Jeter new comer English Gardner led all times with an impressive 10.85. Damn we got depth in the women's 100 and 200 events!
I said her case is ongoing.
Facts..LOL..
Why do Jamaicans always accuse Americans of jealousy whenever they state facts regarding Jamaicans? That's stupid, there's no reason for an American to be jealous of a Jamaican. The Americans have greater athletes than the Jcans and a larger variety of sports than Jamaica. Also the American women won more gold in the 100 and 200 events and they have the world record in the 4x1. The FACTS are VCB received a provisional ban after testing positive for a banned substance and her case is on going.
lol Her case is on going.
Jamaicans have had more drug cheats than anyone. Take your own advice and start Googling. Jamaicans have never been as fast as the fastest Americans which is why you all have had cheats in every era starting with Ben Johnson in the 80's.
What a run
GAY....USA ????....Ha Ha Ha 
Groin injury aggravated during the race
LOL ..well said.He is simply a jealous delusional hater
Actually the fact that you said Jamaica has more drug cheats than America means that you are the one that can't deal with facts.The IAAF has made its statement about VCB,unfortunately for you and all the other jealous Americans it was not what you had hoped for.
Tyson GAY =?
i think he must have pulled his hamstring during the race or somethin like that!
thank u 4 saying that!!! 
Walter, where are you?!!!! Don't try to be Superman by attempting to go thru the list in one day!!! 
Walter, where are you?!!!! Don't try to be Superman by attempting to go thru the list in one day!!! 
lol You Jamaicans don't like dealing with facts.
Why would I be pissed that a Jamaican sprinter tested positive for a banned substance???
What happened to asafa Powell?
No race lasts only 9 seconds watched by this many spectators and millions of viewers via TV.
It's not an excuse,it's a fact.A fact that you are obviously pissed about.
A poster just told me not to listen to you,because you are a twit.I'm sure she is not the only one thinking that.
u kno i hear ya! But apparently dummies like that Walter guy won't understand!! Don't listen 2 that twit!! 
lol Any excuse is better than none.
youtube,where the place that i find people never agree with each others,no matter in what,car,music,bike,camera,video games,smart phone,computer,clothe,shoes,sex,porn.streap,whore,parody,but this is over the top,u argue about the atletes? usain bolt? WTF is wrong with u people? no matter u american asian or european,stop clash somthing dat u dont like,pliz grown up people,about a 100m? duh...
Usain was hailed as a sprint phenomenon as a teenager,he was the talk of the track and field world when he was 15.Why you think they gave him the name the' Lightning Bolt' as a teenager.Twenty-two Olympic medals for Jamaican athletes in the sprints before Usain's win,showed that we are good sprinters.Americans have the most drug cheats,not Jamaicans.
You don't get it do you,her case is ongoing, however a representative from the IAAF said based on the circumstances of her declaring the drug before her race,it looks very likely the outcome will be a minor offence.She took the drug with the banned substance that was not listed on the product for a condition she has,that is how the substance ended up in her system.Obviously the attempt was not to hide anything HATER
I wonder how many gold metals Bolt has lol
lol....Sorry to break it to YOU, but her case is on going. She has to prove how the substance ended up in her system.
Sorry to break it to you ,the IAAF has just released a statement saying based on the circumstances it is a minor offence.
The problem is that Campbell-Brown didn't declare anything to anti-doping authorities. She's was well aware of what she was doing.
I really don't think declaring the drug to the authorities before you raced that they found in your system is making excuses.Lashawn Merritt used an over the counter penis enlargement for personal use and that drug had a banned substance.Is he a drug cheat too?
no
Bolt keep running ur as off plz. Keep it head on straight plz.
Very exciting race! Great run run by Bolt for the win and a new OR. I wish Tyson gay made it to the podium though.
@ Walter Alexander. Sir, Please stop spreading lies and wrongful information without knowing ALL THE FACTS regarding VCB'S case.
A Mexican running the border would still beat Usain Boltie
They always have excuses. No ones going to admit to being a drug cheat. She's already been given a provisional suspension.
No, Campbell-Brown may have doped for the biggest events. It's mighty strange that Felix could always beat Campbell-Brown in the World Championships, but not the Olympics. Before it's all over we could see Campbell-Brown being stripped of those medals and Felix receiving them.
She never said something like that..it is backed up by proof.No I do not expect her to say it if she is not one.
LOL..delusional at best.
what a showman. its the best way to make money in sports and he does it well, sell watches, t-shirts, trainers and cars, all you have to do is give out your name.
Well why has there NEVER been a phenom type Jamaican sprinter and why have Jamaicans had the most drug cheats???
There's no telling how long Campbell-Brown has doped. There's a possibility that Allyson Felix may have been cheated out of those Olympic gold medals in Athens and Beijing.
Of course she's going to say something like that. You didn't actually expect her to admit to being a drug cheat did you???
No the race begins at 4:34 
Spoken like a true jealous hater.Veronica just revealed that she told the authorities that she took medication for a condition and that the product did not list the banned substance on the label.
i believe i can be as fast as him, i believe it
Jamaicans are the best sprinters not drug cheats
13 minutes video
lol Ninety-five percent of Jamaican athletes are drug cheats regardless of where they train.
9 second run 16 minuet video
I knew an idiot like you would bring up Campbell Brown.Jamaicans expected the jealous Americans to jump on this.She has not been busted,since they have not met with her to determine if the diuretic (not PED's) was inadvertently taken due to a medical condition she has or if she knowingly took it.It is not the downfall of any Jamaicans so shut up.You should worry about the fact that Brown is trained in America by an American coach unlike 95% of Jamaican athletes who are trained in Jamaica
Congratulations! Your prayers are being answered. 
On a lighter note . I am not sure how long I will rank 1 6000m in the world but I know it is now.4 yrs ago I couldn't row but a Brummy Ex 59 Commando can do it anyone can.Check my pages Phillip Cameron.
they busted 2 another jamaicans as well,d.blake and r. cunningham. i fear we'll hear more doping news this summer from jam. but from the u.s probably too
lololol 1:04 hahahahah
They've finally busted Campbell-Brown. This may be the beginning of the down fall of the Jamaicans.
I still get goosebumps watching this a year later! Can't wait for Moscow 2013!
go bolt 
i swear i never get tired of watching this, its official Tyson Gay got buried in london lmao!!
I'm faster than Usain bolt :D
tyson shuld of gone last and gatlin at the bend and that mix race guy at the 2nd the usa guy at the start was rapid 
mega fast 
It's already been so long since the Olympics. Time passes fast
It's already been so long since the Olympics. Time passes fast
Tyson Gay :D
just a super super athlete, a joy to watch the human body running the fastest it ever has..sprinting is a rare sport as in you know who the fastest of all time is simply because the time they run..in boxing you have the who would have such & such but finishing time in sprinted tells you who would have beating who & that man is usain bolt by a fair way..
if Tyson Gay had leaned at the end; he'd have gotten that bronze medal
Is it just me or is Ryan Baily hot AF???
Gatlin admitted he took the drugs and he apologized for it, what more do you want the guy to do?
He should change his name to Lightning Bolt ...
Veronica campbell brown tests positive for a banned substance........Think i'm right in saying Yohan blake was 1 of 5 jamacian's to get ban's a few years back, both are usain bolts training partners makes you wonder dont it!!! Hope i'm wrong but what has happened in this event over the years puts a massive doubt in my mind..
totally agree. that was tyson's medal
And you have proof of steroids where? In case you don't know this is the 21st century. It's incredibly easy to test for steroids now
Gatlin should be judged because he has not paid for it. He still hasn't admitted he did anything wrong, his true punishment was a lifetime ban and he sued to get it overturned on a technicality and with the promise he'd assist WADA. He has no business still being allowed to compete. Hes still blaming everyone else for his positives
I mean 20.
I don't think gatlin should be judged by his past cuz he payed for it, but I agree 100% I would have felt much better if tyson gay got a medal in this race he deserves it a WHOLE lot more.
1:04 Tyson Gay going for a daily scratch.
I love Jamaica's flag
Spoken like a true hater
Bolt to the world!
...
Tyson gay, lol
i feel sorry for gay .... his parents most be the greatest ^^
On Tyson it said gay LOL
screw gatlin, unbelievable how the rules allow a drug cheat back into competition. gay should have medaled here. disgusting
5:00 thank me later 
same here :(
Every professional sprinter uses steroids, dont be naive... 
Well, this is basically an all-star game of 100m
Now that was worth 13 mins.
LOL OR 9.63 WOW
am i the only one that thinks tyson could have gotten the bronze if he leaned harder at the line
Blake was never on steroids
Can't get over West Ham will be playing in that stadium.
why that race is too short?
thanks
Race begins at 5:06
Lol
If yu from country your speed is measured by how fast u can run from dogs....dwl....I remember those days i had to run from dogs...(i cant stop laughing)....if ur from the country side u know what i mean 
Bolt. The name suits him.
qwiker than u - the cod usain bolt!
Usain Bolt!
Bailey fine :)
THis guy says fastest loser - ASAFA POWELL LOL :3 
Those cameramen are so fricken annoying...hahaha. Anyways, this was a great race...it was really competitive, but I don't know what happened to Asafa :\ 
how old are you?
5:07 to see the start of the race
Damn just getting the title "Fastest Man on The PLANET.Damn
Was he off-side?
Bailey fine lmao
I JUST LOVE MARTINA
Im doing 4x100m TODAY! lol nervous..
Starts @ 5:02
Starts @ 5:02
ya wow wow so funny you gay lord
lol dat twiddah joke is nice
hahahahaha XD
:49 gay usa 
Watch Bolt as they get set he does "Shhhh" sign LMAO!!! he knew he was going to win. legend. 
I can certainly beat that 8 seconds faster, just hold my beer.
He pulled a muscle in his groin, I believe. It was a pre-existing injury that flared up again in this race.
the kid Bolt is the legendary ... 9.58 wr 19.19 wr his leg on any 4by100 is incredible smh the kid got 3 gold medals and broke 3 wr in 08' who does that smh truly gifted and with all of that he still has his sportsmanship ... nice
que? 
gilbert gottfried at 6:52...?
What?
why did that last jamaican guy stop? cuz he wasnt gonna rank in the top 3?
Usain Bolt is the monsteroro olimpico: 9'63''﻿
I noticed that Ryan Bailey run at the right side of Bolt in the 100 mts. and the 4 x 100, and in both races y suffer the same: look how Bolt run run and run.
uuummm gay WAS a legend so u cant just.. 
i still dont understand why people still think his name is funny
Feel sorry for powell
that's right. Jamaica owns them
nadie se ah dado cuenta pero los primeros 60 metros gay iba primero :o 
He's so fast the only way you can follow him is on twitter lol 
He ran a 19.26 in the 200m and his record in the 100 is 9.69 so for me I think the 200 is within his reach but I can't see him running under 9.58 although he's the only one around who has a chance as age and injuries have caught with Gay now.
This has to be the best race of all time, so many champs!!! And they were all clean lol
It's not fair lol Damn
You're mature.
Who the hell threw a bottle on the track? They should have been removed from the games. That could have broken the concentration of all of the runners. Idiot...
aguante usain bolt 
i ran against some guy at my jc and he ran a 20.45 i know it aint a 19.19 like bolt but damn its still fast. and this guy i ran against is only 19 next bolt maybe??? but thats my story thanks for listening or reading or whatever 
I think Blake will eventually break the world record. 
Ah. I noticed him all upset at the end of the race and then went back to see him slow down at about 50m. That sucks when you get injured in the middle of a race. Can't imagine it happening during the Olympics though.
Tyson's level:GAY
Unfortunately he pulled a groin during the race. That's also why he didn't run on the relay team. (Imagine how much faster their record would have been if he ran[not insulting frater or carter,whoever took Powells position]) 
hahah min 11:01 
Coincedence I guess? lol
Probly not a good idea to laugh at his name, being that he's an olympic track athlete and all. 
D'you can do 10 meters in 1 second....? Thinking about it..
ITS funny that there is only is black people compeating in this...well mostly when back in the day there wernt no black trace at all....
What happened to the third Jamaican guy? Did he pull his hamstring or something? 
lmao at the person who threw the waterbottle onto the track. that takes some balls
he got beat on Tuesday but Justin Gatling :)
RESPECT SERBIA !
bolt is unstoppable!!! 
bolt again!!
T7F-is-rally-not-the-top-sport-in-USA-our-sport-is-football-basketball-baseball-we-don't-run-trak-anymore,but-that-said-BOLT-is-the-best-bottomline
WOW!!!!
Its crazy, cus both Michael phelps and Usain Bolt werent even supposed to be the best guys on their TEAM this year, let alone the world! Blake and Lochte were expected to take the torch. But they both came back and killed it yet again, especially Bolt. Thats why they are the 2 greatest athletes of their generation.
Its verry good
Yessssssssssssss
The best ever
It must have been such a heartbreaker for Tyson Gay to run 9:80 and not even get a medal! He would've won almost every non-Bolt final in history with that time, iirc. Feel so bad for him.
It must have been such a heartbreaker for Tyson Gay to run 9:80 and not even get a medal! He would've won almost every non-Bolt final in history with that time, iirc. Feel so bad for him.
Gatlin got the best start , he just take off bolt and the other 
Usain Bolt is my idol *---*
 00:49 GAY USA LMAO ROFL
*sarcastic applause* 
FAST!!!!!!!! 
:D 01:00 adamın ismi king 
Tyson GAY 02:21 Haaahhhhaaaa Gay
Jeffrey lebowski ur lying
When it MATTERS. Bolt :) 
In a couple of years, one of my friends will be here. Know it for a fact.
I do the 100m in about 9:41! 9min and 41sec.
Did Gatlin think he was at a catwalk or somin???
LOL, 'Gay USA' at 0:49
If anyone could give me some help that'd be amazing, on my channel is a video of my start from the blocks at my highschool. I need help bettering myself please if you have the chance go to my channel it's the only video up, only 10 seconds long, much thanks.
This kid in my school is gona be the worlds fastest man I can just tell it
Would Jamaica have ran faster if they put in Powell in for Frater?(or Carter, but I think Carter had a better time)
I waited 5 minutes for a 9 second race.. god damnit. Lol
Totally true. A start like Gatlin would have been in the range of 9.48 -9.50
so fast 
plz stop the racist comments ppl 
vvhat`s your name man: Im gay... Tyson Gay
big up jamaica
wow
Great job man
And this proves that black people are faster than white. I mean everyone running was black.
I'm so glad I was there to experience this!
......What....? -.-
useful people on youtube. 
merci!!!!!
what are the chances his name would be BOLT lol
gay is a pretty common last name
Thanks!
Lol someone throws something at 5:04
Bolt is the fastest man in the planet!!!!!!!!
iM JAMAICAN
@ 1:04 don't mind me just picking at my nuts.
i feel bad for tyson gay it just says gay on his t-shirt 
At 5:05 you can see a bottle that was thrown into lane 5 behind Yohan Blake.
well dont get your hopes up just like that.....there are millions of people who are training there brains out to beat his record....and probably are so close to acheiving that goal....so yea.........
One day ill beat your record.
What's the matter with that guy hitting Bolt's butt at 7:25 ?? is that legal !?
jamaica so stunning
Tyson Gay
faster!! 
为什么都是黑人最厉害跑？？？
5.07 could ruin the race......
Y asafa stopped
LOL you made me laugh..ahahahaa
Post a video and we'll believe you -.-
Post a video and we'll believe you -.-
I was run in 9s for 100m....n im training for 8s..hope so...
Post a video for everyone to see then, sir.
Thats bullcrap...nice try man.
Hah! I am 763tons, 7.76 parsecs tall, and i cartwheeled 400m in 26.32 seconds!
Goshh..I can't stop repeating the race sooo good!
d guy at no 2 stopped
lol
yeah rite jealous much 
the race startsat 5:05
Why do we need a 13 minute video for a 10 second race?
nah he ,means 1 :D
...Yep.
you are thinking of the 50m, i got it confused back then too
or 1m?
i love how ever one of the are black :)
Is it me or am I the only one who had my eyes on bolt the whole time?
If I was Tyson Gay I would have changed my name by now.
Haha, what a cute boy.
Im 13 and can run 100m in 12 hopefully soon im going to get my fitness coach and run for England :D
What happened to the guy at 5:14 from Jamaica? He just stops running! XD
Your retarted thats is clearly not true 
i want him as my trainer 
my pb is 11.87
9.80 you don't medial now that's crazy.
Gay beat Gatlin.
Bolt could have Broken the world record if he got a good start.
i'm glad the real black country won
Look at is face!! At 12:04
does anyone know the name of the background music that we can listen when they call the athletes names?
5:24 In the most what way does he say????
We are going to see an even faster race in Moscow this year
11:30 WTF???!!!
5:14 I think Powell hurt himslef if you look closely he starts to slow down maybe and injury?
5:06 Somebody throws a bottle on Blakes lane!
No you don't
no no he put the decimal in the wrong place he meant 83.4 that makes more sense
Clever......anymore amusing jokes?
1:03 omg he's touching his balls lol
GAY plays with his balls at 1:03
lol probably in the 50m im in 8th getting 11:80 no way your getting 8:34.
anyone else see that bottle thrown 5:06 
Lol 5:45 the press
At first olympic did not allow we to leave comments on videos ? 
you mean 50m :D
GAY!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! :D 
but i still doubt he is the fastest in the world cuzz he wan that race
there all black!!!
Wow you're so mature..
bambam
bambam
Did you run?
ik, but Mr. Bolt is from Jamaica.
lets see you run 8.34 in a video and get in the olympics
ugh, I just ran the 100, and i got 15.7 :P 
wow not bad little guy!
you might be able to get that time on the 1m 
You're right, Bolt ran 9.:58 in Berlin due to his start. He was one of the first out the blocks then. Had he repeated that start in here he would have likely set a new record as his top end speed in this race seemed even faster. I mean look how he just ran by Gatlin.
Facebook photo ;P
does anyone else think Yohan Blake looks like RG3 (Robert Griffin III)? 
hahahahaha funny
Bolt had an awful start too, if he had got the start when he ran 9.58 I think he could have ran 9.5 at least
bolts amazing! 
"gay"
Feh, they'd never catch Bolt...
ikr?
Best 10 seconds of my life.
i run 100m in 13 seconds, lol i'm so slow
13 minutes of video 10 second of the race
you accidentally put a . instead of a :
8 HOURS and 34 MINUTES, his overweight.
did you mean 10m?
Bolt always better than blake it's a true story...
we would be so screwed ....
I can run 100 m in 15.2
I love BOLT 3
I did like a 100m sprint in 14 seconds..0_o...but bolt 9 seconds damn....
bolt will forever be the best sprinter. caribbean pride <3
I guys , I'm Usain!!!
ha.ha.ha. so funny. how old are you? 4?
you got that time in the 100 feet not the 100 meter. 100 feet is like 30 meters
... Is it just me, or did Powell give up?
Don't you mean the 25m?
On your marks @05:03. 
8 minutes and 34 seconds?
k.
lol
Amazing
Most watched video ever on youtube.com/olympics Athletics Men's 100m Final Full Replay - London 2012 Olympic Games - Usain Bolt﻿
9:05 see the screen properly u will see a fly!!
INCREADIABLE 
I was pulled over for driving at the speed of these men. damn speed limit in Canada :) (30Km/hr in school zones) 
I remember one time I ran so fast I almost threw up after :(
Prove it .
I wish I could find a torrent or download somewhere with ALL the events from all the days. The videos used to be available from a BBC website, but they pulled all the vids :(
Idiota. 
Haha Tyson ''Gay''
wasn't it 10m?
Who here was there?
4:35 for the race 
4:35 for the race 
I just ran 8.34 but somehow I found myself being in bed right after.
All black guys
skip to 5:04 for the start of the race
8 minutes 34 seconds?
if Jamaicans turned into zombies :/ 
Hes gotta be much better looking than you. or in the inside at least
Anyone notice the bottle thrown at the runners at 5:04
Ryan Bailey is not hot he is ugly
Ryan Bailey is so hot! :D
Wow
Dope 
Only if the world is nothing but immature, 15 year-old children.
RIP english
what do you mean why? If you follow athletics you would know why, Bernd.
he has known that we is the slowest
Check out my channel with track & field videos! I'm not this fast but then again I'm only a sophomore!
more like the 50 meter dash rofl
yeah right 8:34 maybe on a 40 yard dash, maybe....
He wasn't at his best here.He was 95% fit,suffering from a slight hamstring injury,cold from the weather.
No and then he got medication for hallucinations
I think he's talking about his 40 yard time.
02:28 Tyson Gay jajajajaja :P 
GAY USA
Dont feed the troll.
the girl at 1:00 to 1:08 i think shes cute 
lol gay
You're going on about white people being fat but your forgetting this was held in England..
You're a complete idiot.
no argument
they are all black.... coincidence? i think not 
zayed alzayani .. by ur comment it is obvious you dont follow track and field at all. coz tyson gay is not known to you..
I thought gay was going to win
Yeah he was at his best in Beijing
I just realized that Usain is not as fast as before. He is still the number one, but the other runners are so fast too.
@ 10:23 look at the guy's name behind Blake xD
No they are not all black. Bailey is mixed race, yet another idiot thinking people with a white parent could be black...
THEY ARE ALL BLACK
I feel bad for Tyson :/
*Wants to watch 10 second race* *goes to 13-minute video.* 
and then you woke up
nice
powell and gatlin have a very good start.
Stop the video at 7:41 and in the back round there is a bottle that falls as they start
No one can beat Usain Bolt!!!
usain boltttttttttt !!!!! 
am I the only one who noticed the little thingy thing that flew behind them at 5:05?
Yeah, in your dreams, and if that's you in your profile pic, you should learn to differentiate between 2 decimal places and 1 decimal place. 83.4 and 8.34 aren't the same you know!
if you blink you will miss it 
if you blink you will miss it 
no you didn't 
I'm in 7th grade and i got a 8.34 in the 100m bolt sucks
That dude blake is doing every thing bolt dose
That's their average speed. In Bolts 9.58 WR his fastest split was 0.81 over 10m. So his max speed would be 12.35 m/s or 44.4 km/h. Amazing huh! He could get technically get booked by the police in a school zone if he ran in Australia!
Anyone saw a baton fly onto the track behind all of them just before the "Set"?
*Legendary
dude, im a 6th grader and i get 13.3 in the 100 28.4 in the 200m and 51 in the 4x100
9.64 seconds for bolt = 8 yrs fame :)
That's why they train for
he got injured
2:39-2:50 lolol
Actually, you train running on the balls of your feet. You don't want to overstride. Your legs only move as fast as you arms being pumped.
why did powell stop? 
4years of preparing 10seconds of run and another 4years of fame *.*
you just have to be moving your legs really fast, and have big steps
I wanted for Tyson to get atleast 2nd or 3rd. :/
Dam, bolts feet barely touch the ground. How can i improve on doing that.
hahah No NEVER jamaica is has the fastest people and the fattset man in the world so until then is only 3rd place yallamericans comming but its nice yor supporting your counrty
and shows what you have sweat ,train, pray etc to be the best and give your country a name and praise . i love i am a jamaican and wouldnt change it for the world. fastest man in the world come on thats what he wanted and he GOT IT 
This is so exciting/inspiring, but kinda weird as well...I mean all the years spent on effort, training, sweat, expectation, and than all is done after 10 seconds!
My hamster runs faster
Good job BOLT USA 3rd not bad USA got you next time
5:05 you're welcome
That was Asafa Powell - he injured his hamstring muscle. 
I like how they're all black, I have no chance D:
Lol big gay sign on his shirt
why did that guy stop during the race?
zapierdala jak łysy przez kartofle
How the hell do they stretch out a 10 second race to 13 minutes long...
Thats not fair! Hes 6'5" he probably has a 8 ft stride lol
GAY :D
When should it start?
lol click on the settings and you can make the video slower to see them running
Lol behind them right before the start of the race someone threw a baton or water bottle....
bad luck for powell could get third
This might be the most arrogant and dumb comment ever...
stop saying that powell's a loser.if u look carefully,at the starts,it seems like he was gonna trip or something..
Great performance. Congratulations from CARMICHAEL TUITON﻿
Great performance. Congratulations.
my friend is 15 years old I'm 17 he has 11 seconds is that ok anyone? Idk I'm a Powerlifter lol
i think Asafa Powell has been taking a perfect time if he doesnt failed 
Asafa Powell just has no courage under pressure. He has no heart....He's So pusillanimous!
asafa says 2013 is gonna be his big year lol lets see what happens with him this summer
I think you mean fluid
true
as you can see none of the other sprinters running technique is as coordinated as usains and as fluent....
Race starts at 5:05
00:50 might be childish but still found it funny
00:50 might be childish but still found it funny
Didn't he aggravate his groin injury in the race
His coach is to be blame. Stephen Francis should have put is ego aside and release Asafa to seek Psychiatric help a long time ago.
history has been made
Pause at 0:52 lol Gay
tyson lacked the endurance last season,this summer he'll show his true potential
Martina is gewoon blij...
Starts at 5:05
dwrl they call him fastest loser. lol pathetic
JAMAICA ALL THE WAAAAAAY!!!!!
Gay usa
TYSON GAYYY
if Usain Bolt got a better start hes record would of been 8.something seconds 
5:06 baton in the background behind Usain Bolt. LOL
What's with the American cheerleading bias. These dudes are British (BBC) commentators. In naming previous Olympic 100m champions you would think the event was won by the USA alone. This guy even mentioned Gatlin as champion, even though Gatlin's victory was scratched from the records after the IOC found out he used steroids during that time. In his efforts at US ass kissing he didn't even bother to mention Donovan Bailey and his own Bristish countryman Linford Christie. smh 
Pero en tu foto se ve que estas gordo ...
yo soy mas rapido... uffff! no me llega ni a los talones 
What if... the race started after 10 seconds instead of starting at 5:08?
What happened to the guy in lane 2? 
05:06 WTF? Beer behind the mens?:D
Wow, you seem to be obviously knowledgeable of the illicit undertakings in the athletic world. Stop spilling the beans fool.
Is it me, or it seems as if GAY was trying to play off his loss to Blake by appearing as if to tap Blake over the finish line. LMAO. LOL....
Lmao he said Africa!!!
If you look on the track behind them at 5:04 you see that someone threw a beer bottle onto the track.
Can we slow that down? I blinked.
And then we stop watching at the hammer throw...
ladies and gentlemen, usain bolt is HISTORY.
Are Bolt and Blake even touching the ground? its like they're flying.
Haha thanks now I have also accepted the challenge 
Who Noticed The Bottle Thrown At 5:05
Dude...DO YOU KNOW WHERE JAMAICA IS?!?!
The reason for being so fast is because in Africa he would run away from cheetahs. JK!
Agreed....Especially when you consider he just came back off a long break from the sport!
You're name says it all.Usain grew up in the peaceful countryside,not in urban inner cities of Jamaica
The only reason Bolt is so fast is that when he grew up in his neighborhood you had to run fast whenever you heard a gunshot..
Obviously jealous that you'll never make it as an athlete.
Eventhough he lost Gatlin ran a race to be proud of
... SPIEGEL: Is there doping at every level of athletics? Heredia: Yes, the only difference is the quality of the doping. Athletes with little money use simple steroids and hope they don’t get tested. The stars earn 50,000 dollars a month, not including starting bonuses and shoe sponsorship contracts. The very best invest 100,000 dollars – I’ll then build you a designer drug that can’t be detected. 
SPIEGEL: Explain how this works. Heredia: Designer drugs are composed of several different chemicals that trigger the desired reaction. At the end of the chain I change one or two molecules in such a way that the entire structure is undetectable for the doping testers.. copy this to google for the full article ...:) no problem
LOL! I saw that too 
5:06.. some sick person threw a bottle on the track.. 
1.07 GAY
Watch in x2, its so funny
this reminds me off that seen in animatrix
Seeing the photographers crowding him after finishing always makes me chuckle. 
He has a fatpack??
One great race. Thanks to Josh for bringing it.
MG si te dio gracia en el min. 10:06 
sei troppo forte 
yt vids load perfectly for me, and no delays, no buffering, but my question is, why, THE, HELL, DOES MY 144p TAKE 6 GOD DAMN SECONDS TO LOAD!?!?!?
yt vids load perfectly for me, and no delays, no buffering, but my question is, why, THE, HELL, DOES MY 144p TAKE 6 GOD DAMN SECONDS TO LOAD!?!?!?
1:03 NASTAYYYYY
I know right? They're running backwards as he walks forward so they can get pictures. 
Blake need to cut his nails
almost 30 
That bleached goatee makes me giggle
Then go watch an American broadcast.
How many mph is that I wonder....
nice
I don't want a goddamn British voice. I want an AMERICAN voice.
Bad quality
ohhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh 
usaim bolt the best 
Go Gay!
He weely fahhsttt :O
USA!!!!!!!!
Awesome
OMG!! this is sutch an insparation
And i never trained for running to
Its not a joke im dutch i can send a vid as prove
So that means you are almost even fast as Usain Bolt, He should do a 10.00 without blocks and spikes... i don't think u do that...
Im 14 i runned 30m in 3.40 and 100 in 10.20 without spikes and blocks is that fast?
they all black
The real thing starts at 5:06 and finishes at 5:17, thats it. 
5:06 Just skip to the race
never has a name been more suitable. too bad my parents called me Shlomo.
I love British announcers :)
9.64 would make him the slowest on earth...yes I get your point.
weird to see that-
Okay and? How immature can you be? 
That is a stupid assessment,who run faster than 9.64?Better yet who has a lower recorded running time 9.58.U sound so stupid
idiot
he hates the cold
not every man wants to be fast....
you aren't immature at all
watch in 144p, challenge accepted
Really then who is......
I wish they wouldn't allow sixth graders on the internet. 
Who seem what Tyson gay done at 1:05
We have a lot of show here 
The greatest race I never seen with the biggest athlete of the moment 
Tyson GAY !!?!??
Bolt really 9.64 well he is not the fastest Man on earth
Bottle fly the track xD
There's something very satisfying about seeing Bolt stroll right past Gatlin.
I could deal with that. I mean, it does sound a bit harsh but I can deal with it. I wanna be able to make it to the 2020 Olympics one day. Honesty, I need less of a social environment.
1:10 * 
Tyson Gay was picking his balls as they announced him at 10:10
Insain Bolt
Yohan <3 wa yaw seh
Yohan <3 wa yaw seh
Really Usain Bolt is the best ! 3
Usain Bolt 3
Is a name.
Didn't you see him stop running in the middle of the race? what are you blind? 
Oh grow up your so immature.
And your point is?
go on wikipedia
anyone knows his split times?
Insane Bolt.
Well done, Mr. Bolt. 
Q grande
Tyson gay haha
Usain Bolt = LEGEND!!!!!!!! :)
All the runners are afro american (not trying to be racist) not a coincidende
whats the diagram called at 8:21 ?
he fell n didnt really finished
Big deal he can run fast, he's a freak of nature. What's to give?
so what
How day heII did Asafa Powell run a 11.9 Wtf!
varol usain
I Cant Say anything els!! He Is AWESOME!!
pay attention - we've been talking about spearman for several days now not lemaitre....i've already admitted that lemaitre had bad luck with lane 1....
I drunk the turkey? erm, right... Too much Efes beer :P
you drunk the turkey and what did she tell you ? bet results ? :)
I was drunk in Turkey when I saw this. I still remember how awesome this was though :D 
5:03 race start
*he
Asafa chose to fake an injury instead of completing the race because be realized he was being passed by the top 4 runners. Lol.
these guys run so easily its amazing
because black people are faster than anyone else. 
Just because you ran a faster time than him, that doesn't mean his time is slow. Also point 2 of a second isn't that much faster. 
It's very fast for a 15 year old.
eww look at blakes nails
we're talking about spearman....he got lane 6 in the finals 
U sane bolt rocks
why don't he try bobsled? Like cool runnings movie
Your social environment is gone. In the morning you lift your weights, then go to school. After school you gonna train again and in the evening you do your homework. Your hobby's are all gone. The only thing you do is train train train. You need to be arrogant, you, only you come at the first place. Watch "how bad do you want it", a true insperation. (sorry for my bad english:P) And I am 17 and want to be a proffesional volleyballer. I train everyday 3-4 hours and study. So trust me.
no im 14 and i ran a 11.7 and im WHITE
I'm a freshman and am running a 11.6. From jr high to high school I've given up pop, snacks, candy and all that stuff. Those types of sacrifices plus dedicating yourself will help a ton. You'll get there
What kind of sacrifices?
ok, since you know so much why dont you go coach him that way he'll become faster & a 20 point wont be overexerting himself & he'll be able to bring home the gold
This is not the battle of the country but the battle of the Blackman
0:59 GAY Jajajajajaajajajajja
im 15 i ran a 11.9 in 100m is that fast (thats my fastest time so far)
He's actually like, got a massive leg cramp, the pain is over 9000 but yeah....
Because the other WHITE sprinters are too goddamn slow to make it. The only white sprinter who would have a chance to make the final is lemaitre but he chose to focus on the 200m.
wow the originality is over 9000...
I like how the 4th person is "Gay - USA".
That focus at 13seconds killed my eyes.
That focus at 13seconds killed my eyes.
Some object is thrown on the track right before the race starts. Can't you see it?
high school must have sucked for him xD
Am suprise Kim Collins now resedent in jamaica training, after saying that Racers Club too small for Superstars Bolt/Blake. Why is he there now then?.
i've already answered that question....why is it that when we disagree you ask the same question again? i'm not going to change my mind and accept yours just because you said so - i dont think he overexerted himself, IF he did then whats your explanation of how Blake ran in the final?
5:06 what was that in the background?????!!!
The strongest bodybuilders have nothing on the strongest powerlifters, strongmen or olympic lifters. I didn't mention purely Jamaicans either. though they certainly pass on great sprinting genes through their generations.
Haha gay
not only jamaicans what about trinidadians,and what about golf and jonnie jackson the worlds strongest bodybuilder and i can go on 
i guess that is how it is you have to run fast time to be there an its open to all,so if white aint there they did not make it thats all thats what my 6 year son say.
he's a fast-runner in earth.. lol :D 
yes i agree to that however i dont think thats the case with spearman, hes done this before. hes not just a pro he's a seasoned veteran heck he's been doing this since he was in high school. he lost with the best lane (2nd best actually since blake is shorter and had his inside) in view of 2 people who finished ahead of him....for me thats bad execution 
couldnt agree with you more
And his opponents are called gay...
It's not only training. Now you are young you don't have to make big choices. But if you want to be at the olympics it's all bout sacrifices and focus on that one thing, that gold medal.
he should try bobsled
If you train seriously hard for the next 6-10 years, it'll be possible I'd dare say. Certainly not a given, but being an Olympic sprinter wouldn't be worth anything if it weren't ridiculously hard.
Genetics, a lot of the Jamaicans and African Americans' genetic makeup is great for sprinting. Equal but opposite reason as to why the strongest powerlifters and strongmen tend to be white/European origin- but every once in a few years there'll be a white sprinter or a black strongman who'll be in serious contention.
Probably Christophe Lemaitre
Does anybody know the fastest WHITE man alive?
No racism just someone can answer me. Why they are all black ?
Teheehe the guys name is tyson gay
6:05 so sad but sweet, I almost cried.
5:05 Did anyone else notice the bottle the first time.
Fenómeno y portento de la naturaleza﻿
Only if youre black mr flash. Black pride worldwide. Usain bolt is my hero
Anyone... just you won't necessarily win:p
From sixth grade to now (8th) I've managed to cut about three seconds of my 100m time. 15.9 - 13.2. If I train for the next 6 years can I make it to the Olympics? P.S I'm 14 years old.
you could if ur last name is 'light'
Tyson gay gay Tyson 
true....after running rounds in the 100m AND 200m
hes called tyson gay 
just to let you know it was not pingu that inspired usain bolt it was jack from tekken
i think its overlooked that spearman has more sub 20 200m than michael johnson the dude is nasty, i just think he let the bronze slip out of his hands....& on a quick side I hope he can improve on the 19.90 this year, even though he had a hurricane behind him a few weeks ago he did go sub 10 very early in the season so far & i hope that helps him w/ running a more aggressive turn in the 2
however his turn was poor and i dont think it was because of the semi final either, yes he had to re-exert himself at the end but any lactate acid he built up would've been flushed & i dont know about the condition of his muscles but it doesnt appear in the race or afterwards that he had any unusual muscle issues like tightness - he has great speed endurance as his best is a 45low in the 4, i just feel he let it get away from him to early in the race -
it was overstacked because of Blake and LeMaitre? Ok you can feel that way, I just dont - like i said before he had lane 6, he was able to view bolt and warren, 2 of the 3 people that beat him (when running a 2 or 4 if you get lanes 4-6 and see competitors on the stagger that are faster than you its HIGHLY favorable). i think he had a very good final, not great for spearmans standard but definitely good heck he ran a 19.90 thats still a sick time
5:05 You're welcome.
in relation to you post on the immunization autism research - > sure- the "Immunization Safety Review: Vaccines and Autism" book is a pretty good source + oxfordjournal (dot) org site + the cdc website under vaccinesafety/concerns/autism + nature (dot) com site under neuro/journal are a few you can look into
Must suck to have a name like Tyson Gay
........
you're right - actually you're 100% correct, you did address it - and I overlooked it, my apologies....(by the way, science has addressed whether there is a link between immunizations and autism)
it WOULD'VE been a smart tactic IF Blake wasn't in the heat BUT he was, therefore not so smart turn running - thats my only point - spearman took the chance of not running a strong turn (which even if he did he'd still be behind blake) and unfortunately exerted a little more effort in the closing meters. you believe that the overexertion cost him in the finals, I dont, I believe he didnt execute in the finals the way he should've, he had lane 6 one of the best lanes in the field 
i don't know..unless you're name is zeus
Yeah gay yeah.........................
This is the second Olympics that I cannot watch the replays without feeling so completely bad for Asafa. Sorry to say it but he ruins the feel good moment 2 Olympics in a row now. *smh* Also, I think the others have to go into any championship recognizing that unless they can hit under 9.7 regardless of wind/temp they're not winning gold. Not unless Usain DQ's or is injured. So Gatlin please STFU. God I wish Tyson had gotten that bronze instead of you. Drug cheat. 
Just you
haha one has a shirt that says "gay"
U've-Seen-Bolt?
I don't know what the argument is about, but may i add, for the olympic year, I'm not sure about other countries track program, but our track program(JA) is created with the intention to peak at THE major meet. Not diamond league or any other track meet for the season. Hence time difference, and the fact that it is VERY HARD to constantly run fast times. And fast times does not include anything below 9.90s. Anything below that say, 9.95, is relatively slow nowadays.
I don't know what the argument is about, but may i add, for the olympic year, I'm not sure about other countries track program, but our track program(JA) is created with the intention to peak at THE major meet. Not diamond league or any other track meet for the season. Hence time difference, and the fact that it is VERY HARD to constantly run fast times. And fast times does not include anything below 9.90s. Anything below that say, 9.95, is relatively slow nowadays.
They are all BLACK
LOL'd when i saw 'gay'
Usain Bolt is fast as lighting.............
I feel bad for Tyson Gay for having to endure many injuries and hardwork and come 4th place in an olympic final. Having to get 4th place and .1 second off 3rd place is just very tough to deal with.
how can u run against someone whose last name is Bolt
lol gay usa
"There's Gay!" LOL
you say so 
ok, you say so - youre also overlooking how he ran his 200m, with a weak first turn, that wasnt smart 
2 seconds isn't "around the same time" when it comes to sprinting...
damn... I can only run a 50m in like little less than 7 sec.... u can run a 100 in around the same time i run a 50...
you never said it was an unethical topic to study, if so, point to where you did as I had to have overlooked it - you're entitled to your opinion but theres no point to me addressing it, you think the mixing of dna and the slave trade benefits those of african decent & i dont
i honestly dont think spearman over exerted himself running a near 20 flat n the semis he just didnt run to his capabilities in the finals - i know you disagree, thats just my take - spearmans been there before and shouldve grabbed bronze, unfortunately his well known weak curve running and strong straights didnt benefit him this time around. hopefully he's working on changing that this season and in the future 
Bolt was screwed by the sport, uh, ok. i wont even delve into that one. LeMaitre didn't perform to his capabilities, he did get a bad lane draw, unfortunately these things happen call it what you want 
its the Olympic finals, he ran a slow time, he didnt medal - i'm going out on a limb but im sure he would say thats all that matters (his performance wasn't there), just like spearman would say the same thing because he was off when you look at what he ran as compared to what his best is 
spearman ran a 20.47 in the 1st round, 7th as compared to all 1st round times - the times in the 200m, 1st round, spots 1 thru 10 were separated by only .25 i hardly call a 20.47 "slacking off" - he also had lane 6 in the finals, one of the best lanes you can get in a 200m period - i have no earthly idea what you're talking about when you say spearman had bad luck when it comes to last years Olympic 200m
i was referring to track only in my response i was in no way addressing basketball and football - so in response to your question "am i going to say black athletes work harder and take basketball & football more serious than white athletes" - i have no idea, thats my honest answer, like i said i'm only referring to track - i will also ask again (i believe the 4th time now) do you have ANY science that addresses your statement?
You know, I'm just realizing, only Usain Bolt can run an OR, grab the gold and still look disappointed when crossing the line. Any one else we'd be stunned at a 9.63 time. 
but dont throw a fuss acting like you're teaching me when all you're doing is changing the discussion in order to make yourself correct
this specific discussion originated w/ LeMaitres 200m, let me remind you that you brought up Blake, Gay, Gatlin & the 100m in order to slightly get off topic - of coarse wind & other factos affect time (really?) however (staying on topic) the 200m runners in the Oly last yr basically all had the same elements to deal with......and LeMaitre didnt shine - why are overlooking this and trying to deviate? Stay on topic, LeMaitre & the 200m in last yrs Olympics, if you want to change it sobeit 
ok but LeMaitre just didnt shine in the finals - he's still a great athlete but he was off when it matters most, the other athletes weren't - hopefully his coach will learn and prepare him better 
as i will ask again - do you have ANY science that supports your statement or is it just your opinion?
they work harder and take it more serious - you say that just as many white athletes attempt to compete professionally, is this your opinion or do you have any statistic that can go w/ this? (I dont have an issue w/ u having an opinion, i just have an exception when it appears that youre presenting it more than that) I run masters T&F and volunteer annually @ youth, HS, collegiate & masters meets - in speed & strength events there are clearly more africans americans than caucasians where i'm at
only black mens running
your claim that what you say, that backs Christianity as a truth, is a lie you fail to realize that....call it what you want but i'm not looking for some guy to come out the sky, listen for trumpets to blow and ascend to heaven....you overlook the truth of the world as it is now....you believe that God came to earth as man and somehow has forgotten us for 2 millenia while we destroy ourselves - ok, you believe the truth (sarcasm)
In an Olympic year Paris and the US (or National) Trials are not important ONLY the Olympics matters. These athletes understand that its not a given that they will make it to the next one since they're 4 years out - anything can happen. Lets remember that Bolt lost the 100m & 200m in the JA Trials...it wasn't important because he wasn't training for that meet, he was training for Oly gold. How do you not understand that?
what is the context of mills saying that? was it in regards to practice, early season meets or end of the season big meets - i would need to know this to understand its context - Secondly we're addressing LeMaitre & you bring up Blake, GAy, Gatlin , how did they do in the Olympics? How did LeMaitre do - His PR is a 19.80 from 2011 and he ran a 20.19 in the Oly finals? 
i understand....i just dont happen to see ANY science that supports it....or any science that has even looked into it - that doesnt mean something wont come alone to back it but for right now its just an empty statement to me 
wow at 5:05 at the top left hand corner u can see sum1 throw a bottle
They got arrested for it.
they're all black... what happened to the whites and the yellows 
i hate people that say like if you agree or, like this comment. like if you agree
GAAAAAAAAY
lol funny how his olympic moment would be ruined if he tripped on that thing at 5:27 lmao
I love it how the guys each have their own little thing they do for the camera. And are any other girls extremely turned on by justin gatlin or is it just me??
lol big letters on his shirt that say GAY
You don't run, nor have ever worn athletic shorts before my friend.
5:03 watch in the top left corner someone throws a bottle!!!!
RYAN BAILEY NOT GONNA RUN UNDER 9.80 THATS CLEAR LOOOOOL JAMAICA ALL THE WAY 
No, his name is Tyson Gay
GG NO RE.
I find it funny how the capitalize the names on the scoreboard. Tyson GAY
What's with all the crotch grabbing per race?
Spoilers: The black, guy won
9:50 Slow motion
He can run faster than I can ride a bicycle...
jajaja
00:49 look at the name, Tyson GAY?
00:49 look at the name, Tyson GAY?
Id hate to be wearing the word gay on my stomach.
omg starting that .............. so scary id be like having a heart attack 
No
y de pronto aparece un comentario en español (/o.o)/
5:02 thank me later 
it's a show
We were all africans once.
it's hilarious how quick its is and how fast the crowd reacts when that 9.64 pops up
The picture make everything looks weird
Challenge Accepted 
cba looking it up thought jamaica was somewhere in the caribbean, unless your point is due to the belief of man originating from africa 
i though your point was that the mixing of european dna during the slave trade benefited him???
i'm curious, karma for doing what?
im sure if powell did not have tht karma it would have been 123 for jamaica
5:07 for the run
looking to the future, Tyson is on his way out, that is the fastest gatlin will ever run, Usain probably have one or two more years left to be on top. the future is blake and bailey.
those of African descent have different pelvic anatomy than those of white/european descent. Blacks have a lighter pelvis designed for running, whites have a larger pelvis designed for childbirth. 
I feel bad who the dude who's last name is Gay
Key word: Transcended... Hidden msg: 7 written on running shorts.. 7 god's favorite...777 Jackpot
Watching this video,I see Bolt as a giant among men. I have a new nickname for Mr. Bolt: Avatar. 
dwl
9.64 second run... 13 minute video -_-
anyone else see the black lady checkin out the black guys ass at 1:06?
It's all that running from the po'.
I'm happy you noted that because I do think its a cop out (just like I'm sure you might believe some of my answers could be a cop out as well), but even so I STILL respect you - we just disagree - like I said before this isn't a bad thing. I think we both can learn from it & i'm ok with it 
churandy martina > bolt 
I know Usain Bolt has never been a good starter but if he got a decent one here i think we could have seen a 9.4 that last 40 metres was just unrealthe way he just breezed past two of the top three fastest men in history was just ludicrous felt sorry for powell though.
Just because you kiss the ground doesn't make you a muslim. Anyone with half a brain cell knows that he's Christian.
I think his name gives him an advantage like how ironic is that!
5:41 ،، he is muslim .. i love muslim men
With all due respect. America is a continent.
are you the real yohan blake? cause u should be supportive not say negative things about the game, that was just bad luck yohan blake, it's not the end of the world Man! 
Thank You God For Accepting Usian Bolt's prayer!!!
Not in the future when leg strength is insane.
You think he needs a mystical being to run fast? I'm an atheist and the fastest in my school.
Thank you god for accepting Usian Bolt's prayer
He's not going to be thee fastest man for long
whats so bad about mexico? (seems a bit racist)
Dude didn't you see yohan blake came 2nd, was your brain made in mexico? 
his name says everything...
One of these days Chad Moorer will be there and winning, one of these days.....
he ran his semis faster than MJ....like that makes a difference. MJ ran a 19.32 in the final. If you want to compare the 2 Lemaitre is slightly faster than MJ in the 100m yet has nothing compared to MJ when it comes to speed endurance, which is what the 200m is all about - like you understood that - like a lane draw makes a difference - dude it was the olympics, what you train your entire life for & more than likely he knew he wouldn't get a good lane - point is, he was off 
any1 noticed 2:20 ? lol...
Why???? 
he ran a slower time thats all that matters, you can make all the excuses in the world for lemaitre running the time he did but he ran the time....nice way to overlook the simple truth of the matter
once it works for you thats fine by me....it doesnt make ANY sense to me 
and i haven't done the same, quite unfortunate you see it that way....you call yourself a Christian but look at how disingenuous you are when you say I haven't responded to the substance of your points - yes I have - you just disagree with me just as i disagree with you
ok, if you insist, but I will still not accept the many falsities and inaccuracies of the Bible / Christianity and the fake messiah (he still wasnt a king something that you always want to conveniently overlook)
ok, if you insist, but I will still not accept the many falsities and inaccuracies of the Bible / Christianity and the fake messiah (he still wasnt a king something that you always want to conveniently overlook)
I think Gay will better Gatlin...well actually I hope he does 
The iaaf article notes that his mother is Jamaican (I was wrong, ok) but he was born in Nigeria....he's Nigerian......whats your point???? You still have ZERO science to back your statement only your opinion - FACT
Christians...why can't Jesus help Asafa Powell win an Olympic Gold Medal? Lol.
whats the point in even racing him.
lol maybe it was the tight shorts 
Because he came in second.
Started From the Bottom Now We're here started from the bottom now my whole team here Bolt kept it real from the jump!!
watch tat blond girl face reaction fromm 1:00-1:10
Im so proud to be jamacian
america, jamaica, trinidad and the netherlands. but all of these men are african. We are spread out on this planet lol. wow. well african men are the fastest men on the planet.
8:22
why? 
yeah, He got the world record... 
loke boss 
LOOK UP RYAN GORMAN
now that's a 80s baby!!!
probably the best 100 meter runners in history
I know, a dutch olympic judoka hit him afterwards.. thought it was pretty funny :P
why?
White track stars do not exist.
Yea sure u can @leafyutube
I don't like to brag, but I can run 100m in under 9 seconds. 
that person was recently convicted and sentenced to public work and a few other things as far as i know.
That's a flag... Everyone throws their flags to him. 
what are you talking about? Your sentence makes no sense at all. 
I know it s early but here's my prediction for the 100m final line up and results for the WC in Russia. Bolt, Blake, Gatlin, Gay, Bailey (Unless Dix makes a comeback), Keston Bledman, Powell and Nesta Carter. The results will be 1.Bolt, 2.Gay, 3.Blake. Let the debate begin.
I was and was very good at it. I ran the 3200 and the 1600 but then I got tired of it and quit.
i would like to know why ?
I hate this video.
This is one of the biggest scams! Very lax drug testing, a race where everyone is on some performance enhancing drugs, and the world believing that you are all natural.
4:40 for race
Majority of Africans are still weak.
6 million what?
I would have.
I agree! If That had hit the runners, they could have got hurt :(
barriga do carai, e ainda corre q nem um cavalo 
looooooooooooool his face 03:54 
Was he trying to break the glass trying to make it sound like the gun shot?
6:40 Someone threw his cap to Usain Bolt - Fail :D 
@HopsWatch92 yeah that's shady
Johncy joseph . If you want to affirm the religion of Bolt ; you don't need to add any adjective to discribe anothr group to which he does not belong . Because if you had use that same word to discride certain religious group; then you would be in big trouble. Let keep our commentries within the domane of Sports and leave out comments on religious groups and Politics.
word 
6:19 such a hater lol
anyone realize something at 4:11? 
Thyson gay wtf MIKE TYSON IS NOT GAY
who "threw" that bottle
I heard it was Carl Lewis who throw that bottle! lol
yeah u can see one of the stewards react and stand up to see who!!lol
maybe one of usain bolts haters, there was alot of talk about agents trying to keep bolt quite by not selling all tickets during is events theres undercover video of agents saying these things against bolt
maybe one of usain bolts haters, there was alot of talk about agents trying to keep bolt quite by not selling all tickets during is events theres undercover video of agents saying these things against bolt
u wish why did you not run in the olympics ? 
Fasuba is related to Don Quarrie. If I remember correctly, i think that his aunt is from Jamaica
Did anyone notice the person who threw a glass bottle at the runners and land behind them at 5:06 LOL
it really doesnt matter to me because in all honestly you dont have a basis if theres no science to back its just a well sounded opinion 
Fasuba was born in Nigerian & both of his parents were too, not sure where you're getting your information. LeMaitres 9.92 was w/ a 2.0m/s tailwind, no matter he is still slower. Obikwelu might be and he might not be, you have no idea, nor do you have an ounce of science that backs up your genetic mixing statement - can I refer to that as a desperate rant since the only source u noted was M. Johnson? MJ was the man as a sprinter, a good commentator & a basic coach, look at what he did to Wariner
why do you continue to accept a several millenia old lie that has been the most division element of all mankind, that has been used by monarchs and governments as a mask to kill billions of people throughout history all the while believing you're way to God is the only way...............its all in the eye of the beholder, I think you're answers are quite desperate myself 
the Bible is proven wrong when any sane person reads it and doesnt accept it blindly.....we've addressed these time and time again, you say I haven't address them but thats dishonest, how Christianlike of you - we dont agree on each others answers but to say I have addressed these??? we're on this topic because you asked questions that I answered and we've gone back and forth.......I haven't addressed "any"? 
i mention outerspace because according to revelation when the rapture occurs the believers are to meet Jesus in the air......where are you going from there? just staying, hanging out in the upper atmosphere??? where did Jesus go, he ascended to the heavens. the heavens back then was beyond the sky and we know that beyond the sky is space (i correct myself not outer space, just space) how is it that you dont get that?
ok, Adam sinned shortly after he was created, it doesnt matter if it was a day, a week, a month or a year later the first man sinned and he wasnt even warned....it doesnt make sense.....here is this ever loving God who created the devil, saw the wickedness of the devil trying to overthrow him, caused the downfall of about a third of all the angels & allows him to be here on earth - he tricks man and man pays with his life but the devil lives on....how silly 
ooooo
I am Very very close to usain Bolt Record God Damn this Guy is Super Sprinter ;)
Gotta go fast.
04:12 GAY USA :D
Tyson Gay checking out the jewels at 1.04
did any one see from 1:03 to 1:05 OMG!!!!
00:50-TYSON (GAY)
Fasuba was born in Nigeria & both of parents were born in Nigeria, what are you talking about (Jamaican)? Lemaitres 9.92 was with a 2.0m/s tailwind, the 9.92 was barely legal & the weaker time compared to Fasuba & Obikwelu. I gave you 8 africans and all you can point to is LeMaitre.....ok.....we'll see how long he lasts, he's only 23 yet had an off year during an Olympic year.....interesting 
Christianity is for the masses....I'm not
Christianity is a lie, its bondage for the commoner.....history has shown this for the past and today is no different.....you can stay in the dark
Hahahahaha does anyone else see the bottle being thrown at the track right before the start of the race?
you're welcome to believe your mythology as truth
of coarse it contradicts "prolong his days" but you fail to accept that what you believe is lie........God creates the devil as an angel, creates man without warning of the devil, says we have free will, man sins almost immediately after being created and brings sin in the world for all of mankind.....only to wait a certain day where we will live in outer space praising God....lol.......God made Adam without a home (he had the garden), why do we need a house in heaven????
if you say so.....keep believing what you want.........what is your explanation for how Jesus told the disciples that he would return to get them in their lifetime? I've asked you this specific question 6 times now with no response.....your Jesus was a man, who died and his absence for 2 millenia while man gets worse and worse proves it.....Jesus is a straw man 
you are welcome to believe that some guy is going to come out of the sky and your body will fall down, while your spirit ascends to outer space where you will live in a mansion with streets of gold and worship God for eternity....when looked at rationally its clear that Christianity is another form of bondage for the common man 
and thumbs down if not ?
I am
I am
tyson gay haha xD
Someone threw a beer bottle at 5:05 look in the 5th lane lol
Race Starts at 5:05... Welcome
usain bolt i love you
anyone notice everyone in this race black... white people have lost their grip on track and field...
ok - its interesting how you have a belief, when it comes to sports, where a fair amount of it comes from science and logic yet you throw this away and believe these myths - you believe that the creator who made sub atomic particles all the way up to the universe came here as man, died, went into outerspace - hasnt come back in 2 millenia all the while seeing how we people are killing ourselves more and more each day - yet still loves us....& will be back....ok...........
you're welcome to believe that, doesnt bother me....but i'm not waiting to fly up into outerspace..have you ever considered how illogical it is to stay millions X millions X millions X millions of years (trillions) in outerspace just because you believe that God was man.........who is needed desperately now in todays day and age......there is untold wickedness going on right now as we 'chat' to millions of people....where is God for them?
all government is corrupt 
that makes no sense........the disciples KNEW about a messiah because they thought john the baptist was one, they even thought he was elijah....there source was the priests 
have you watched the entire video??????????
have you watched the entire video?
are you serious.........i find it interesting you would make that statement....if you say so...ok.......i've been quite redundant in my statements, most of them all i'm doing is copying from what i've emailed you before 
have you finished watching it????? the truth is tough to swallow.....sacrifice according to jewish tradition is quite strict with its rules.....you call Jesus a sacrifice but he wasnt killed on an alter...this is a requirement for a sacrifice to be accepted by God, his rules governing sacrifice is clearly spelled out in the old testament or is this no longer true when it comes to jesus?
you were supplied a handful of names-----> Obadele Thompson, Adekotunbo Fasuba, Frankie Fredricks, Francis Obikwelu, Ngonidzashe Makusha, Seun Ogunkoya, Olapade Adeniken & Deji Aliu ....where are the europeans that are just as fast as these men were/are
will roam the universe for all eternity however I will not, I will not believe that there is a heaven in outerspace with mansions and streets of gold (like a spiritual creator of the vast universe needs gold.....this is man understanding the value and beauty of gold and interjecting to God like its important).....I cant believe that the creator of the massive suns (ones millions times bigger than ours)in the universe walked here as man....to me its just silly
heck one of the commandments said by God was thou shalt not kill...with no disclaimer, however many battles do we see in the old testament where man kills man and its ok because the nation of israel had God as their back....this is contradicting...of coarse if you accept the bible 101% there is a rationale that this is ok but then it contadicts the commandments given to moses......this is just one of many....you're welcome to believe that Jesus was God in flesh and that one day you're spirit 
my point is that Jesus, who is called a messiah is due to what a messiah was defined as in the old testament....however when its clearly understood what this messiah would fulfill and when its seen that Jesus did not fulfill all messianic prophecy the definition changes and Jesus becomes annointed by God of whatever reason & that he'll do it when he comes back........the bible can be a nice moral compass however it contradicts itself in many places and is a book with some history and some myths
you haven't addressed the africans who were not from the slave trade......who are on all time sub 10sec/100m list, how come they're so fast if theres no european mixing to help them.....Nigeria alone has more sub 10/100m sprinters than all of europe has ever produced?????? who are these fast europeans you're referring to....names please....
actually Fasuba was faster than Obikwelu....9.85 vs 9.86......who is he not much faster than? are you referring to LeMaitre because I'm pretty sure you're not addressing Christie
a messiah was always annointed with oil from a priest to assume the role of king of Israel.....all kings of Israel were messiahs...anointed ones 
your statement in regards to people of african decent being fast (sprinters) due to the mixing of dna by europeans seems to be based on that michael johnson said it -ok- my question is has science ever addressed the topic with research? if not, you're still entitled to your opinion (no problem) however theres just not much backing it.....on a quick side note, i hope your foot heals perfectly and your recovery is minimal 
so you are in the air :)
so you are in the air :)
hey guys whats the thing that peopel use for muscle training there are 2 iron wires and on bottom of both 2 circles to hold on it and perform exercices. xD 
I think Blake will dominate in the next olympics.. but i hope that guys like Vicaut and Kemar Bailey Cole will be great too.
Thumbs up if you are a track athlete yourself!
0:59 she's scoping out their goods.
anybody noticed a thrown bottle at 05:06 
AWESOME!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! GO USAIN BOLT
Usain bolt Usain bolt !!! 
Before the race started, somebody from the crowd threw something at the throwers.
@Andrew Williams me too haha
literally ive watched this about 100 times -_-
hahaha
05:01
How did an athletics video turn into a religious debate? 
No racist stereotypes... but why do they all have to have their own little lame thing that they do? Seriously.... wtf... they are there to run. Not look pretty...
2004 2008 2012, Powell screwing his medal chances are now a part of the decor!! see him in 2016
Do you know about how many "Africans" run for "foreign" countries? Or about how many have run under 10 seconds. If you follow the track and field, you'd realise many "Africans" with the opportunities do as well as any others.
You aren't. You are unexposed to and ill-informed about athletic fans.
He's got the best name to match his title BOLT!
Get em bolt, your the man!!!
fort
Just noticed a beer bottle thrown on lane 6 at 5:05 -5:07
what I'm trying to tell you is that it was an average time. the way they measure state averages is by taking the record of whoever finished third in the state competition, and if 12 seconds isn't enough to make it to state, irrespective of who's running, then It obviously is below average.
I don't wear that around at the Olympics.
how about your id?
That 'Gay' guy must be embarrassed.
nothing at all, u cant compare a single person to the average
5:00
`Bolt is way too fast for a man.
Usain bolt looked nervous at 4:33.Ahh bless him.
bolt <3 
in strength or something else
I was just giving an example. If I ran 12 seconds and I wasn't a competitive time what does that tell you?
Just believed in your own religion if you don't believe then just don't say bad things!!
yeah your right, only 6 million.
He makes a good point though. Africans are weak. 
huh? seriously, make sure you really follow the sport and its history!
Why are these 2 guys talking about religion on a Usain Bolt video. Please go somewhere else with that topic.
i love how his last name is just coincidentally bolt :P 
what?
5:01
justin Galtin- looks like will smith
I cant believe that in a Usain Bolt video people argues about stupid religions! 
daaaaaaaamn !!!!!!!!!! 
the same can be said about the new testament.....because they can be cop outs and that jesus was just a man with righteous teachings who died and that was it 
what about Obadele Thompson or Adekotunbo Fasuba...i've noted Frankie Fredricks but what about Francis Obikwelu (yes he competed for Portugal but since you can tell by appearance genetic mixing can i assume that based on his name he's 100% of african decent?) or maybe even Ngonidzashe Makusha dont forget about Seun Ogunkoya, Olapade Adeniken & Deji Aliu ....how can you explain these individuals who ran sub 10sec/100m who were from countries in africa?
exactly and I believe jesus being the son of god/god in one/the messiah as a lie 
ok.......and just to correct myself I should have wrote " why aren't (not are) asians who were part of the slave trade as fast"
you call a man messiah...why because of the New Testament , i thought it would be because the basis of messiah comes from the Old Testament to begin with......without the Old Testament there is no messiah to begin with 
ok but my question was IF people of african decent are ONLY as fast as they are because of europeans then why are the asians who were also part of the slave trade as fast (i.e. chinese and indians?)
ok but my question was IF people of african decent are ONLY as fast as they are because of europeans then why are the asians who were also part of the slave trade as fast (i.e. chinese and indians?)
no the 200m is not as explosive as a 100m or 60m, i agree but when you're basically running 2 consecutive sub 10 sec 100m.....you need a good deal of explosion......can you cite any scientific research to back up your statement????
looking at someone from any country of africa and believing you can tell whether they are of strict african decent is not accurate in any way shape or form...the many people of the various regions of africa come from the lightest shade of brown to the darkest even there noses are of different sizes (narrow to wide)....have you ever seen ancient egyptian heiroglyphs....look at their noses....not wide like secondary literature would have you believe is necessary
watch the video i recommended as i will watch the video you did....once again what am i watching the bible vs book or mormon for? which question did i ask that this video will address because the one i recommended specifically addresses your questions
ok and you havent shown how jesus filled messianic prophecy....this is a requirement 
its only a reasonable explanation because you cant accept that maybe people of african decent are just faster in the sprints...for you this is a negative thing against europeans for me it is not.....i take NOTHING away from europeans just because others are faster than them...its just the way it is, maybe it will change in the future, maybe it will not however we're all different and this is just one thing that african descended people excel in - its not an issue to me like it is for you
before usain bolt i believe frankie fredricks, from namibia, was in the top 4 all time 200m runners.....can you show that his dna was mixed with europeans? if not then what accounts for his speed
i'm not talking about american indians, i'm referring to indians from india who were part of the slave trade...look it up
and jesus never fulfilled messianic prophecy & you know this, which is why you have to keep up bringing up more and more things to get off of the main point that I addressed....that was my point from the very jump and you have failed to show otherwise so you continue going from one scripture to another that does not address his fulfilling of messianic prophecy....because he didn't 
michael johnson is allowed his opinion....just show me where there was any scientific research to back it 
you say the old testament could be incredulous, that they can be dismissed as attempts of a primitive culture to explain success & defeats as products of their relationship within the divine....ok...but then you quote from it....how does that work, if its for you - ok...if its not-disqualified
you fail to realize that the exact same thing can be said about the New Testament....thats part of my point....you
you lie to say i haven't explained Isaiah 53, i have answered your question in email......now you might have had additional questions, sobeit and I've addressed some of them, no not all but some of them but you say I havent explained myself ONCE? you believe in calling a man messiah/king who was neither....the burden of proof is on you, the messiah MUST fulfill all messianic prophecy and you know he didnt and your response is...he will 
it doesnt make it a fact...please provide some scientific research to backup your statement, that is my request and I've asked 3-4 times now.....and if genetic mixing with europeans is the reason for such a major success then why dont we see it with the asians (chinese, indians, indonesians?)
ok, i'll watch it.. you have questions in regards to Isaiah 53 and the video I offered is an answer, what answer am I getting out of these 2 videos??? and when it comes to pedophilia just remember that in ancient times nearly all people wed young girls when they were able to reproduce (early teen age years, do you refute that?).....jews and christians alike. and I will always respect all religions but that doesnt mean I agree that they are the ONLY way to God/righteousness
i have no issue with you emailing me, i'll send one right now
because michael johnson believes it, it makes it a fact???? the chinese and indian were part of the slave trade as well.....whats your explanation as to why they aren't as fast???
youtube Jews for Judaism - Isaiah 53....and then come back to me on that one......i've explained myself time and time again in regards to this yet you have no response to the lack of Jesus fulfilling prophecy.......sometimes the truth hurts and is hard to deal with when you realize you've been lied to and it was accepted your entire life.....i've been there
as I've said before, which you conveniently overlook, for Jesus to inherit kingship its done through the father, this is a very old tradition which is why lineage is always shown in the Bible as father begat "so and so", who begat "so and so" and so forth......if Joseph didnt help create Jesus it disqualifies from being a King....which he wasn't anyway.......i love how you overlook the most important issues that show Jesus was no messiah 
of coarse that would be the response because your faith would make it true despite the FACT that it cant be proven
whatever works for you is fine but the kingdom of Israel isn't ever lasting and like I've said many, many time. Jesus was required to fulfill all messianic prophecy to hold the title.....he didn't 
how Christian of you
lol
of coarse he would call himself the temple because he knew he wouldn't get it built....he still was never King and there was no world wide peace you overlook this in EVERY response you give.....you also are quite quiet about the fact that Jesus said he would return after his ascension into heaven during the lifetime of the disciples...what is your response to that?
of coarse Christians would believe they are the true Israel it makes up for the fact that they aren't Israeli & that they call a messiah who isnt
5:02
he only thought that 12 seconds wasnt the average for middle schoolers, not ur damn life story
I ran 12.6 in middle school and I never made anything. I was only the third fastest sprinter and our school was like mid-table in the 100m. When I got to high-school I ran low 11's and occasionally 10's and was on JV until Junior year, and my highschool was one of the more competitive in our county. So I only commented on what I observed.
race start at 4:42
amazing how <10 seconds of action can wow so many people
all you white people need to start running faster.
it totally insane and usain bolt is fastest runing man in tah whole life history
SHUT UP 
LOL
kinda weird that God would say the Messiah would be called Immanuel yet he was called Jeshua, i always thought God wasn't the author of confusion - 1 Cor 14:33
is that in the beginning of the verse the lord says this man childless (when God said it Jeconiah didn't have children) wouldn't prosper (wouldn't re-attain kingship during his lifetime) & then added upon by noting neither will his seed/children. I also previously noted that in Matthew the geneology is from David to Joseph however Joseph did not have relations with Mary & in Judaism your tribe is passed down through the father.....
actually i did respond in regards to Jeconiah---my interpretation is that none of children would prosper and gain kingship as Jer 22:30 states"Thus saith the LORD, Write ye this man childless, a man [that] shall not prosper in his days: for no man of his seed shall prosper, sitting upon the throne of David, and ruling any more in Judah" understandably you say beyamah notes in his day meaning the curse would only last during his lifetime....my response 
we can go back and forth, we can disagree with interpretation in regards to Isaiah 53, the lineage of Jesus and the issue with Jeconiah however the FACT remains that Jesus did not fulfill messianic prophecy - to be redundant the following did NOT happen-> Elijah will return prior to his birth, world wide peace, KING OF ISRAEL, no violence amongst animals, all 12 tribes of Israel will return to their homeland, the temple will be rebuilt...all of these are REQUIREMENTS to be called messiah
in regards to Daniel 2:44 being a prophecy that Jesus fulfilled....prove it, "And in the days of these kings shall the God of heaven set up a kingdom, which shall never be destroyed: and the kingdom shall not be left to other people, [but] it shall break in pieces and consume all these kingdoms, and it shall stand for ever." show me how the kingdom of heaven consumed all other kingdoms here on earth........
my stance for sometime has been about Jesus fulfilling messianic prophecy as he is called the christ, if I didn't note that in every statement, that is my fault however I will address with more clarity....I dont believe Jesus was a christ/messiah because he didn't fulfill messianic prophecy, if you wish to show that he fulfilled some prophecy - no problem however to be the messiah he HAD to fulfill all messianic prophecy
죄다 영어야...
i didn't mean to reply to him 
if it weren't a fact that its a requirement for the messiah it wouldnt be mentioned in Revelations
ok, lets say you're right about Jeconiah....ok however as previously noted Christ is synonymous w/ messiah (a title) and as previously noted - Jesus never fulfilled all the required messianic prophecy which is why Christians believe he will do so when he comes back during the rapture because he failed to do so during his lifetime.....this is a fact
i can go on and on with each and every one of these and the truth is IF you read the entire chapter and keep them in context, they are not in reference to the messiah
 #9-Dan 2:44"In the time of those kings, the God of heaven will set up a kingdom that will never be destroyed, nor will it be left to another people. It will crush all those kingdoms and bring them to an end, but it will itself endure forever"....when you read this chapter in its entirety its about Daniel interpreting king Nebuchadnezzars dream and has nothing to do with a messiah, cmon now
#5 which points to Gen 17:19"hen God said, “Yes, but your wife Sarah will bear you a son, and you will call him Isaac.[a] I will establish my covenant with him as an everlasting covenant for his descendants after him." you call this prophecy? #8-> he will be a decendent of DAvid, we've addressed his lineage proplem -
we've already addressed the issue with Jesus' lineage....interesting that you wish to overlook it 
As noted many, many, many times Jesus never fulfilled messianic prophecy. I understand you want to hold unto Ish 53 referring to Jesus however you have no explanation for the failure of the following not happening->Elijah will return prior to his birth, world wide peace, king of Israel, no violence amongst animals, all 12 tribes of Israel will return to their homeland, the temple will be rebuilt....Even IF Isaiah 53 is about Jesus these prophecies did not occur & they're a prerequisite
That Chap 53:11 says by his knowledge shall my righteous servant justify many, shouldn't it say from my blood, if his blood is what saves us? I also addressed that the following scriptures point to Israel as the suffering servant-> Isaiah 41:8-9 Isaiah 44:1-2 Isaiah 44:21 Isaiah 45:24 Isaiah 48:20 Isaiah 49:3 Isaiah 43:10 
That Chap 53:11 says by his knowledge shall my righteous servant justify many, shouldn't it say from my blood, if his blood is what saves us? I also addressed that the following scriptures point to Israel as the suffering servant-> Isaiah 41:8-9 Isaiah 44:1-2 Isaiah 44:21 Isaiah 45:24 Isaiah 48:20 Isaiah 49:3 Isaiah 43:10 
I'm actually surprised that you would state that I didnt respond to your statements in regards to Isaiah 53, I did, in my march 2nd email -> some of the points I made were that a sacrifice isn't necessary to atone for sin->that Chap 53 says the servant is w/o violence and referenced the conflict with JesusLuke 19:27 - but as for these enemies of mine who did not want me to be king over them, bring them here and slaughter them in my presence & Matt 21:18-20 the cursing of the fig tree
in regards to Jeconiah i responded to this in my march 1st email....just as a quick follow up..."Jer 22:28-30 - Thus saith the LORD, Write ye this man childless, a man [that] shall not prosper in his days: for no man of his seed shall prosper, sitting upon the throne of David, and ruling any more in Judah." God was talking about Jeconiah and said that none of his seeds will see the throne of Judah, if Gods words is absolute then Jesus' lineage disqualifies from kingship
ok, thanks
Anyone else notice the bottle on the track at 5:06? haha 
01:03 :D
GAY hahahhahaa he is soo gay lol
It's cute as he celebrates himself :D
there are more followers of christianity & islam & hinduism & catholicism than there are people who watch the super bowl, world cup & olympics combined.....look it up
--overall, nice try but the bible clearly shows that jesus was no messiah, i'm sorry but i'm not a sheep who unquestionably follows, at a bare minimum I ask questions & look into the answers that r given 2 me and the ones you've given me aren't to strong from my perspective - i will not accept jesus as God and the ONLY way to righteous, I WILL respect different peoples' faiths & not think I know how God would view them because 4 me, no person can do that despite who wrote what millenia ago
#5->Gen 17:19...read Gen 17, it has nothing to do with the messiah - #6->Num 24:17 "I shall see him, but not now: I shall behold him, but not nigh: there shall come a Star out of Jacob, and a Sceptre shall rise out of Israel, and shall smite the corners of Moab, and destroy all the children of Sheth" show me where Jesus did this. #7->it says that messiah would come from Judah & references Gen 49:10, this verse has nothing to do with a messiah coming from Judah? this is just plain silly now
you took the easy way out thinking i would accept without at a bare minimum looking into it.....very interesting - I dont accept just because its been said, thats why i've turned away from religion too many people take that route...by the way when you read the entire chapter they're all filmsy, they have nothing to do with the messiah....have you read them?
prove that sports has control and kills as much as religion....prove that sports magazines and newstands makes more money than with religion....bookstores make alot of money with religion.....religion and sports are billion dollar industries in the U.S. can you prove the same in China, India, Europe?
if you say so.....but he still didnt fulfill prophecy and your lack of responding to these specifics proves it 
he wasn't king of israel...why do you so conveniently overlook this and not respond to it??? he didn't bring world wide peace....elijah didnt return prior to his birth.....he didn't return during the lifetime of the disciples....i take it you will not respond to these specific requirements of the messiah and supposed quote he made after the resurrection
its clear that you havent even read these scriptures and agree with them you simply looked for a quick answer to my statement by googling "jesus fulfilling prophecy" and responded............very interesting 
#2 - Micah 5:2 says that they will rule over Israel - Jesus did not rule over Israel, fact, therefore dis proven. #3 Isiah 7:14, he would be called Immanuel but he wasn't called Immanuel he was called Yeshua - #4, the site says Gen 12:3 & Gen 22:18 means that the messiah will come from the line of Abraham, have you read these verses? thats not what the verses says, they are not messianic prophecy and we've already addressed the inconsistency with jesus' lineage
i took your advice and looked into "jesus fulfilled prophecy" from google and looked into it.....have you read it...do you believe this? these are absolutely silly and I'm only at #4......lets start with #1.....it says that the messiah would be born of a woman and references Gen 3:15 - honestly - you consider this messianic? have you read Gen 3:15? of coarse a messiah would be born of a woman, they couldn't be born of a man or anything else (are you serious?
news stands in the United States do not prove that they're more popular than religion in the entire world....thats silly and a baseless assumption
I've already addressed how in Ish 53 its the nation of israel and not jesus can you explain how it says that the "if" it was jesus he would see his seeds and jesus had no kids or how he would be without violence and that jesus said that he would order anyone who didn't believe he was king to be killed in his presence....nope....
also consider that the 1+ billion people in india are hindus and accept the caste system, can you show me how the govt uses sports (I.e. soccer/football and cricket) to be as controlling on the people as this????
jesus wasn't king of israel which is a requirement of being called messiah...his head had to be anointed with oil which is part of the ceremony when becoming king.....do you honestly believe he was king of israel under roman rule, there was never world peace, the lion didnt lay with the sheep, he didnt rebuild the temple, he didnt return during the lifetime of the disciples....why are you overlooking these points that are clear in the bible???????
that ought to stick in your mind as well
really? - and where are you getting your information from? (source please, or is this just your feelings towards it?) its estimated that 5.8 billion people believe in religion or 84% of the worlds population - people who have no tv, no radio, no newspaper (undisturbed tribes of the S. American jungle for example) have religion but don't have sports like we do..even so sports hasn't been used for the last 5000+ yrs to kill and control like religion
von hinten mit enormeer Kraft, Wahnsinn, er ist the best of all time 
I can beat that. Hold my beer. 
If i eat a good steak i can run with the speed of 989 thousand trillion trillion in the power of 999 thousand trillion trillion light years per 999 thousand trillion trillion in the power of 989 thousand trillion trillionth of a second .
What did he say?
5:49 Usain was so fast when he did his bolt the camera couldn't handle the surge
4:12 he said gay USA
All of them are black n bailey is part black I think
GAY XD
flying bottle on the track 5:05
der schnellste 
when it comes to sports/science its quite clear you're VERY intelligent - you do your research, analyze and deduct based on your findings however it seems when it comes to religion you overlook the clearly apparent and believe things that contradict themselves because going against the grain is just to much to accept...and that's understandable (I've been there), I think its just unfortunate because you want to be a pastor and lead people to be the same way..........
very sorry to hear that - i still don't understand how you can believe Jesus was a messiah when he wasn't anointed, didn't fulfill prophecy or return like he said he was going to do during the lifetime of the disciples, this is according to the Bible and you conveniently overlook this, tradition especially when you're born into it is extremely hard to break but truth is truth and somehow you don't want to accept that
2:03 a guy name "GAY" lolzzzzz
How is that even racist? He was essentially complimenting black people
its not racist if its a compliment to their race =D
if running a time of 10secs you've already lost because 14yrolds are running that time in Jamaica. and those are slow ones 
I thought labeling people "gay" is offensive.
Ok, unfortunately the Romans, the English, the Spanish conquered alot of the world using the name of God and created alot of death and destruction in the process over millenia. Do you believe people who do whole hearted good deeds who are not Christians are less righteous in the eyes of God and if they dont accept Jesus they will inherit hell?
0:49, "Gay USA"
TYSON GAY AHGAHAHAHAHAHAHA BRAZIL HERE
it seems like it would kinda be annoying to have all the photographers following him everywhere he goes
replace black with white and it's pretty racist 
Hahah gay usa
i got it, hahaha
No. It was already proven (in more than one study by more than one institute) that biomechanically the perfect human body can only run the 100m in 9,20 - 9,25 seconds. The muscles (particularly of the hip, thigh and leg) and the joints (particulalrly the hip and knee), can't support the acceleration needed to lower the 9 second mark. That's not to say that 100m can't be run in less than 9 seconds (they certainly have - in the 200m, the second 100m are sometimes run in less than 9 seconds).
martina looks like dave chapelle
martina looks like dave chapelle
You mad bro?
everyone is black.
Thank god for black men so beautiful, particularly JAMACIAN men !!
GAY.. USA. So true!
2:08 He heard you call him a loser. 
I like how all the people who walked on the moon are white:) How does that sound?
To answer that question, only time will tell....
You're gonna have to look up that word on a dictionary.
05:08 like if u see a bottle :)
not with a block start,only with a running start lol
i wonder if anyone will ever break 9 seconds...
Ok.....I just happen to disagree. I dont think God destroyed any people for threatening Israel. I think people destroyed people and then say it was Gods doing or by his instructions in order to keep control of others...Jaycee Lee Dugard is a great example by the way, but what about people of other faiths who do equally good deeds, are they less righteous because they're not Christians?
Rearrangement 1:04
05:05 I recommend
this is good 
Add More 
LOL... ALL the girls are looking! (0:55)
And who is to say that Tyson Gay himself isn't doping?
Tyson Gay unfortunately completely mistimed his dip for the line and as a result lost out. I don't think anyone in the world of athletics, or its fans, will be doing backflips of joy at Gatlin's bronze medal, but I do think it takes guts to come back, train hard and prove her can compete with the best withou drugs. I think that shows the right mentality. 
bolllllllllllllllllltttttttttttttt <3 
lo sigo viendo y todavia me dan nervios!
5:04 
the reason I ask for proof is because I think you overlook that the U.S. has the best sprinting infrastructure in the world.....I think this is a big factor....in youth track and field powerhouse track clubs or high schools produce fast sprinters irrespective of their ethnicity....dyestat& armorytrack are great sites that would recommend
proof please
How can beat usain bolt? ??
Is it racist to like black people?
That's cookin
What's racist about that? lol 
what ya'll think? is usain st.leo bolt 1.the most naturally gifted athlete ever or 2.the lance armstrong of T&F??
that is literally not racist at all...
tyson gay could have get the 3rd place easily if he would have stayed down with his shoulders until he passed the line and not going up again 2 meters before
genetic mixing of europeans has nothing to do with why people of african decent are fast.....if so why aren't there more elite europeans on the world stage....heck forget the elite sprinters, look at world youth rankings in track and field....very few europeans at the top 
i thing the gay one should've won.
Now, I'm not saying being African makes you the best runner. All it does is give you a slight edge. Training is required either way. You thought I meant that just because you have a certain gene makes you the fastest person alive. And that's obviously not true. The gene simply gives you a slight edge in training and how the body functions. 
5:00
Bolt is to the sprints right now what Eric Dickerson was to the NFL a few decades ago. Tall graceful athletes who at their best put up astronomical feats of athletic accomplishments in their sport. Bolt reminded me of the way Dickerson would go into the line of scrimmage seemingly crouched but when he hit hole He would go into this upright sprint and run away from anyone and everyone else. The sport is still evolving and I predict taller sprinters will continue to emerge. 
But its mean
1:03 its funny (gay) and his hand
I like Blake's pose :D
especially, swimmers))
By the way I brought up eugenics cause that's a point some people bring up about black people from slavery and the fact that only the strong and quick ones were kept in the Americas.... absolute nonsense. Besides, what about the Ethiopians and Kenyans who dominate 1500m? 
exactly, I agree. I just think it's unfair that people credit black people's speed on track and stamina to genetics. Like you said it's down to circumstance and how much a nation etc gets involved with a sport. I dont' see anyone bringing up genetics as to why whites dominate swimming.
Firstly, I think you're confused about what eugenics really is. And secondly, I agree: race doesn't have anything to do with it. I mean they were probably poor, so they ran. ALOT, which made them get faster and faster. When I lived in Trinidad as a poor kid, you know what we did in school? We ran, ran, and ran some more. Believe it or not, that's how you get faster, by running.
He is such an amazing athlete with perfect finishing, Bolt
It's all about the calf placement of the muscles. Calf placement makes a huge difference none the less, long or short distance. I'm not trying to discredit these athletes but It's been proven, time and time again, that Genetics and Evolution play a big role in society, and athletics, in this day and age. 
Damn, dat kid can run. 
its not just genes idiot... they trained and worked hard to get where they at....
Thats because Africans run all their life it's also in their genes.
U mad brooooooo.
U mad brooooooo.
blake is gonna the shock the world with a 9.5 this summer
REALLY? I find this eugenics argument funny, do explain why the 1500m and 800m races are dominated by East Africans too. Is there something about black peoples muscles that isn't in whites that aids them to be better long distance runners too? Some of you need to stop detracting from these athletes' achievements and credit their HARD WORK.
how is it raciest if its true... black people are faster bcuz there center of gravity is higher than others ... they have smaller upper body, and longer legs. just fine a black guy your same hight and weight and you'll see there belly button is up higher than yours
He's too fast.. Smh... Lol. That's ridiculous
translate to english andres
es un placer recordar, espiritu olimpico 
04:24 hasiktir
my pr is 8.99. in the 55..
what happened to asafa powell??!!? 
good
Most watched video ever on youtube.com/olympics Athletics Men's 100m Final Full Replay - London 2012 Olympic Games - Usain Bolt﻿
best Olympics ever 
your comment sucks.
Simply The Best
why usain bolt did not shake hands with other sprinters 
Cause hes BOLT !!!
na nai kala ta anabolika sas paliomounopana gamw th gouada sAS kariolia ..xwris ayta den pate pouthena 
If there was a Usain Bolt zombie, we'd all be screwed
that race was to.fast for my eye
The sad thing here for me is that Tyson Gay lost out on a medal thanks to the inclusion of drug cheat Justin Gatlin
He beat the olympic record by 0.06 seconds, which is 60 milliseconds. If you were to run the previous time and this one side by side, the previous Bolt would have been 2 meters behind the finish when Bolt's foot just crossed the line. That's not at all bad, really. Remember that it gets exponentially harder to run a quicker time in races like this, especially at the 9 second range.
IKR LOOL!
Both evolution and creationism....
Most watched video ever on youtube.com/olympics Athletics Men's 100m Final Full Replay - London 2012 Olympic Games - Usain Bolt﻿
Most watched video ever on youtube.com/olympics Athletics Men's 100m Final Full Replay - London 2012 Olympic Games - Usain Bolt﻿
Run lightning bolt run
Most watched video ever on youtube.com/olympics Athletics Men's 100m Final Full Replay - London 2012 Olympic Games - Usain Bolt﻿
Again...haters...Usain Bolt!!﻿
Yep, evolution. 
5:17 stop it here and look at the clock
LOL GAY
Most watched video ever on youtube.com/olympics Athletics Men's 100m Final Full Replay - London 2012 Olympic Games - Usain Bolt﻿
Most watched video ever on youtube.com/olympics Athletics Men's 100m Final Full Replay - London 2012 Olympic Games - Usain Bolt﻿
You're* :P
OK second video someone correct me :)
Most watched video ever on youtube.com/olympics Athletics Men's 100m Final Full Replay - London 2012 Olympic Games - Usain Bolt﻿
Most watched video ever on youtube.com/olympics Athletics Men's 100m Final Full Replay - London 2012 Olympic Games - Usain Bolt﻿
Most watched video ever on youtube.com/olympics Athletics Men's 100m Final Full Replay - London 2012 Olympic Games - Usain Bolt﻿
Most watched video ever on youtube.com/olympics Athletics Men's 100m Final Full Replay - London 2012 Olympic Games - Usain Bolt﻿
Most watched video ever on youtube.com/olympics Athletics Men's 100m Final Full Replay - London 2012 Olympic Games - Usain Bolt﻿
Most watched video ever on youtube.com/olympics Athletics Men's 100m Final Full Replay - London 2012 Olympic Games - Usain Bolt﻿
Most watched video ever on youtube.com/olympics Athletics Men's 100m Final Full Replay - London 2012 Olympic Games - Usain Bolt﻿
OMG i think Usain bolt just beat his score by like 0.03 milliseconds OMG
Also, I think descending from Africa has something to do with it. In terms of their people being use to running, and a lot of physical movement in a very hot area. Compared to say Europeans who probably didn't do much running back in the ancient days.
Let the african/jamaican jokes commence
all the others are just competing for 2nd and 3rd place! They accepted this fact before even entering the event
maybe... XD
maybe... XD
GAY ??? 
our record's like 10.56
GUYS!! who saw the bottle trying to hit usain bolt at 5:04 Thumbs up if you didnt!
stop being a groupie
lol 6:57 blake runs into the camera man
Gay usa
ur so wrong, cause our Middle school record is 11.6 seconds... suck it 
gay usa?
Ryan Baliey is soooooo sexy. 
lol
i think he would get the FIRST piece of cake
at least for short distance
4 year of hard training for that <10 seconds...
Usain Bolt is a living legend!
Yes, but it's totally worth it!!!!
There's no way a middle schooler could run 12 seconds >.> Maybe 13-14
I... I Don't understand if you are trying to insult me or trying to agree with me... 
His accent is jamaican me crazy :)
Usain is driving me crazy he is so good
i see....so what do white folks have....kitty muscles...ha ha ha ha...calf muscles...just funny
5:05 for the action
blake 
Not to discredit your point, but you ought to cracking mad if you think average middle schoolers could run the 100m in 12 seconds.
Wasnt the best run, was expecting him to batter everyone
GUYS WATCH FROM 4:40 
Wow, that just shows how slow our section is. The fastest kid at our high school runs it in 11.6, and I've never seen a middle schooler at 12s. 
ONLY THING THAT SEPARATES CHAMPIONS IS THE ABILITY TO DELIVER WHEN THE PRESSURE IS HIGHEST.
9.80 and get 4th wow!
LOL for real. Those 2 seconds are like a 20m difference 
Some idiot throws a bottle behind the athletes at 05:05. 
5:00 you're welcome 
you mean 9.63
got to love winstrol 
My Hero
lets be honest in a race like that bolt picked up so much ground to win that by how much he did. what a sprinter! he could easily get 9.4
bolt!!!
BLACK POWER
This is why white kids dont join the track team.. 
It's weird to think even the last place person still runs insanely fast.
5:01
i k ow bolt is the fastest man on the planet but i cant belie gay getting fourth
So fast
08:26 nice shoe :)
If Bolt had good starts just imagine what time he would get!
the best is bolt 
yhe true
5:03 thank me later
lol its true.
black people run faster, white people swim faster. 
black people run faster, white people swim faster. 
I like the way the commentator didn't giggle when he said Tyson Gay, it's the first time I heard his name and I'll be honest I was shocked and giggled a bit but who ever makes fun of that is jelly coz he if sees you, you can't run away.
yeah better genetics bra !, 
Well.. whose fault is it that white people cant make to the final ...?!
we're*
Props to the commentator announcing a 9 second race!
anyone else notice how just after bolt takes off behind him, a empty glass bottle was thrown at 5:06 .
How is that racist? They all are black...
it could also be taken as a compliment.In a certain way.
how is it racist? o.o
lol at the photographs 
Not really racist, kind of a compliment actually. 
that wasn't even racist...
5:24 dancing mascot
if any people turned into zombies were screwed.
That isn't racist... That's observant. 
I guess Usain Bolt has never met X12 the real fastest man alive
asafa's fail time is still faster than my personal best :(
not racist "stereotypical" lol
Lane three didn't even try till d end, such a shame he started out first
13 minute video for <10seconds of action 
you...obviously don't know how big a difference a single second is in 100 meter sprinting. Average middle schoolers run it in the 12 second range, 11 seconds wouldn't even be competitive sprinting in highschool. When you say "can only run it in 9 seconds" you're only showing your ignorance in the event. The difference between 9 seconds and 11 in the 100 meters would be from the finish line to a little past halfway if not halfway. They would be able to stop and look back at you just finishing.
Get up out of your seat and stand on your toes. Aren't you using your calf muscles? Yes. Sprinting is mostly on your toes. Calfs are still important when it comes to sprinting. 
5:05 SEE THE BOTTLE LAND IN LANE 5 BEHIND THE BLOCKS
That so
Not a single white in site, but in the long distance a white American got second in which he had to beat a lot of blacks. Also, the white boy from the UK won the long jump gold medal. So don't underestimate white peoples ability bro...
And not a single white in sight
The guy in orange is in the 100m men's final... the question is ... who are you my friendd ??!! because he is someone.!
So the real question is... Who is the guy in orange?
You do know that sprinting has nothing to do with the calf muscles becides for stability its the quads which provide the lift which drives the legs forward...
How happy are people who have saved hundreds by switching to Geico? I'd say as happy as Usain Bolt on a treadmill
who else saw a trainer fall at 5:05?
I wonder what pills does he take
hahahahah true
i cant believe his name is tyson GAY lol
Actually, it's genetics that's behind why black people can run faster. The placement of their calf muscle on both legs are pretty high, making it easier for them to run. 
5:06
2:30
gf 
they would need cybernetic implants to get 2nd place
6-1 is not really that tall even. but you are right, many of them are tall 
thats not being racist...
Anyone see the beer bottle get thrown? 5:04
i want to see asians in these races
wow....!!!!!!!!!!!!................BOLT 
If any of these people are turned into Zombies were screwed
Every time I see this replay I can only focus on the water bottle that falls just short of hitting Bolt.
I really like Bolt- the cheetah- Arrrggg3
gay LOL
gay LOL
Lol... Gay from USA. It rhymed ^.^
I love how this is so exciting, yet it only lasts less than 10 seconds. It's great!
1:04
love my ja guys congrats usain is da man love it
thanks
armend das war coll Usain bolt
@King Chris lol
Bolt is a horse.
All the way from India&God bless.
Simply fantastic&keep on going.
5:12 Brilliant..... 
9.63 
If he had a better start, he would have gotten the new world record.
the victory lap he was doing is my full sprint ..
"Tyson GAY" --> The guy in charge of setting up the screen is still running.
I feel sorry for the guy with GAY on him, like its hard to find that out by the way he was touching his balls like that. Just kidding;)
He got GAY as a last name
cool video
bolt and müller wohlfahrts win!
and he's the god of the fastest :p
Everyone would lose to Bolt in a race...
blake look like derik fisher....hahahaha
589 people lost to bolt in a race
huuuuuufffff marvi 
Lol his last name is GAY :D
Bolt is like some horse! Look at those how long his legs and strides are! 
watching this reminds me of the song "Black & Yellow" (just saying whats real) 
Knowing Jamaica history, present & future of sprinting the Top secret to Bolt sprinting power is his speed endurance for he runs 400m early in the season in JA then a few 200m but more 100m on the Circuit. so while he's maintaining his top end speed after accelerating to it by 70m; everyone else is decelerating between 70m & 80m. (personally i believe a 100m is too short to see Bolt flat-out speed for think he reaches his top-end speed@ 110m). 
4:50 
@MrBusunglueck You too!
stop at 4:18 and see de face of BOLT it's Scarry 
that's why hes in the olympics
Pretty crazy how their starting blocks all have speakers. I guess so nobody can claim they heard the gun after their competitors. 
@tancar142 Nothing....Faking injury as usual whenever he is experiencing tight competition!
It's sad how Asafa Powell only ran half of race and walked the rest and still beat my PB in 100m. 
Crawls faster than I run
jogs faster than i run
You're*
rearranging his ballsack too 
I like how the last name is in all caps. GAY
asafa powell 11.99 lol 
IMATURE at its finest.(FACE PALM)
i ment Jamaica man 
jamaca man
01:03 that's gay!!! lol
mad?
So true. It's sad though as he is a superb runner. I just hope he can pull together one good run for a major even before he retires. He deserves it. He's done so much for sprinting.
You wanted the best? USAIN BOLT!
they're all black 
they're all black 
4:37 thanks to me!
Watching this gives me goosebumps.
Playing with his wee.
hamstring = tore
Bolt is tall
tore his hamstring 
Asafa always chokes in big races. He struggles to handle pressure.
Glad you're with King Chris, the world's a better place whilst you're around
What happened to powell
What I don't get is what happened to Powell, why did he slow down?
People like you make the world a better place!
I like the way all of them r black :-)
eye's darting etc
the way they prance, strutt and showboat, makes me think that they are on peptides...they have similar properties to ICE and SPEED
The video is over 13 minutes long, while the run is only 10 seconds.
very good
LMFAO 1:45 Thompson from Trinidad & Tobago acting all cocky and like he's the shit and he arrived last LOL
You want the BBC...
Your Ignorant bro all I gotta say
Because E=MC^2
Yeah, uh, I ran 100 m in 18 seconds?
They always subtract .01...
asafa powell can still run the 100m quicker than me, even though he messed up during it 
what teh first they said 9.64 now 9.63 
magari kacia boltiiii
I actually enjoy every moment before the actual thing starts. I love looking at them. They're all really cute lol 
is everyone hating on him because hes gay which means you are probably jealous of him or just like to put other people down
574 people are jealous :D 
Me one day inshallah :")
Asafa Powell is not at all a confident spinter.
man bolt has some big strides lol awsome run
gatlin tried the evil stare 1:33 did not work hahaahah 
5:45 cameramen are crzay 
thanks
Richard Branson is pretty fast
[Shakes head in shame] Oh Americans
Imagine if Bolt could start well...sub 9.5?
My welcome?
Like michael phelps has the perfect body for swimming, his joints are hyper sumat that makes it easier to swing... his arms have a longer span than is height which is rare and he is tall and skinny... hence why he is so good... but its not an unfair advantage either,.. its a gift.. if uv got it flaunt it... i think blake is stronger and faster moving that bolt IF he had the same neight and leg reach he would beat bolt i reckon...
He is fast because he can take longer strides, I don't see how that is an unfair advantage. I see it as a gift.
USAIN BOLT VS YOHAN BLAKE !!!!
gay 
I believe that stride does have an affect (obviously). If your theory was true, then a dwarf only 2' 3' tall who has very tiny strides shouldn't have any disadvantage in this race. My argument is that when I say both, this means that it's the combination of how powerful you can drive your feet in conjunction to stride the distance that your feet take along with that power. So even though a dwarf 2' 3" tall may be able to move his legs super fast, his still isnt going to keep up with taller men. 
Wau..
USAIN BOLT!!!!!!!
Move to 5:05, Your welcome
I have a degree in exercise science so i know for a fact that SL has nothing to do with how far your leg stretches. This is a misconception that many people have.The actual definition is The distance the "center of mass" travels with each step.not how far your leg stretches out. Also moving your legs fast is not the same thing as power to the ground. leg speed is stride frequency a different concept. one cannot effect the other however they do work together in order to maximize sprinting speed. 
dude you know that bolt would completely and utterly annihlate ANYONE at his height or taller right Dude TALL people CANNOT run this fast ! By your reasoning Carmelita Jeter should blow away Fraser Pryce every single time ? Is that then unfair??? Stupid people
dude you know that bolt would completely and utterly annihlate ANYONE at his height or taller right Dude TALL people CANNOT run this fast ! By your reasoning Carmelita Jeter should blow away Fraser Pryce every single time ? Is that then unfair??? Stupid people
Someone threw a bottle just before the gun went...
i love how the cameramen are wearing running shoes to *try* and keep up with him lol
tyson gay FOR REAL !!!
LOL I love your sarcasm Tiago. If you can't understand what I'm saying, then I could almost say that I feel sorry for you because I truly believe that I have a very valid point. What is your argument anyhow? Could you elaborate on what you believe is the situation? What's your science behind it all or have you ever really ever even thought about it? Would like to hear something out of you other than sarcasm. lol ;-)
race is beginning at 05:07
HAHAHA 1:03 USA GAY
Well, then you should be a 100 metres coach! Everything they think and say about the disadvantages of being tall and running 100 metres is wrong. All they had to think about is that a tall guy has longer strides. And not one of them thought about that... You know so much more than these guys...
The longer the muscle the harder to train and strengthen! Tyson Gay actually has an advantage...
Actually I think that it just an old belief. I've already answered this in one of my other messages. Apparently a lot of people don't understand that they actually have an advantage when used properly.
Actually been to tall is a disadvantage, check the priciples of 100 m 
Perhaps if it were true then my answer would be yes, but the BIG questions is; what case study are you going by? Can you send me the reliable source of information of where you found it at? I am a master with Google, Wikipedia (not quite lol), but I will definitely check into this. If it's true, then definitely yes, that is an unfair advantage as well. :)
'_________________________'
Perhaps we should then also have blacks and non-blacks have seperate competitions? It's proven that black people run faster due to a higher gravitational point. The same thing gives non-blacks an advantage in swimming, maybe that should be seperated too.
Best bolt
I've already answered this Joe. I'm not punishing the guy by stating some distance formulas here. It's scientific fact. There are guys who can drive more power into the ground (or "move their legs faster"), but they still don't cover as much distance as Usain because of his longer legs. Look at the race in one of his top vids & you will see that 2nd place runner has more powerful (faster) legs than Usain, but he is still not able to cover as much distance...
Youre wrong. Actually its the combination of both as I already answered this when I said theres guys who can "move their legs faster" (same thing as "power to the ground"), but that is NOT the only thing that has the affect on stride. Stride is the distance that your legs can stretch (look up the def if you dont believe me). So either way, if someone who can drive as much power into the ground still will NOT cover as much distance as someone who is close to power to the ground w/longer legs.
i'm sorry, but i can't help but laugh at the guy who has the last name "Gay"
You do realize that the stride length of these runners isn't as much as a factor, but more so a by product of force application, dont you? The runners aren't just stepping forward, they are moving forward by applying large ammounts of force the the ground. Height is actually a bit of a disadvantage because it's harder to accelerate longer limbs.
yes, but most people that tall don't have the raw ability and talant to cover 100m that fast. it's not bolt's fault he is a freak of nature. you can't punish the guy for being tall. your point is therefore irrelevant. 
What you just said is not a fact,Your stride length is dependent on how much power you can apply to the ground not how long your legs are, in other words how far you fly through the air with each stride not how big you strides visually appear to be. someone 5'8 could have a bigger stride length than someone 6'5 if their strides are more powerful. So if Usain bolt does have a bigger stride length than everyone else its because he's more powerful not because of his height. 
hey everyone shut up he's the best just except it. This is coming from an american
It may be true that Usain has a slower start, but he still has a faster finish. It makes perfect sense what I'm saying, but a lot of people never bother to look at it that way. I'm sure that a lot of taller men can run, but they don't believe in themselves. They think that they are "too tall' or "too clumsy", but all they would have to do is get in shape & start trying out more. Usain is definitely good, but he still has that distance advantage with his longer legs. 
Its a terrible belief to say that tall men cant run fast because apparently they can. All these guys here look rather tall (between 6'1"-6'5"), but you can see the advantage if you pay close attention. Watch the other video when Usain competes against the other Jamaican guy who keeps getting 2nd. You'll see that the other guys legs move faster, but Usain's longer legs cover more distance. Very unfair. What they need is taller men to believe in themselves & compete with Usain. U'll be surprised..
Speed equals distance over time is the formula, but in this case since its running with legs, you have to go by the example that I gave above. I dont have to "know anything about 100 meters" to know that what I said is a scientific fact. Not so much in this particular race, but in one of his other videos, it shows the other guy w/braids (runner up), his legs move faster than Usains legs, but he doesnt cover as much distance. I dont think that it's a terrible option, but rather a terrible belief.
That's because you don't know anything about 100 metres. A tall guy like bolt would be considered a terrible option for running the 100 metres. Actually, bolt started in 200 mts and then tried 400 mts, but the training required for that is so hard that he preferred to try the 100 metres. Ever considered why 100 metres runners are so short?
But don't forget that his taller frame means his start makes him slower than the rest. I believe its a rare case to see such a tall guy in a sprint event.
he knew he was so wrong that he even deleted it 
Yeah, but in my honest opinion, I still think that Usain Bolt has an unfair height advantage. I say this because taller people have longer legs, and longer legs take longer strides. So even if there is a guy who is short who can move his legs faster than Usain, Usain will sill win because he can cover more distance with his longer strides. That's why they need to have a height & weight classification. This is not really just my opinion about his advantage, it's a fact & I think it's unfair.
Wasted much of the energy...could have just jogged
in the begining the girl are cheking the black packet or i am imagine it, :P 
Fast
you can see that the cameras flash a lot more in the background when it goes to usain bolt!!!!!!
Whoa! Usain Bolt really is THE fastest man on the planet. Watching this again, NO ONE else was even near him at the finish line. Amazing speed!
HAHAHA!! The photographers at 5:43!
It's funny how all the paparazzi struggle to keep up with him
Tigurones
5:25 best dancer
Someone got convicted for that. 
5:05 anyone else see the bottle thrown onto the track, just behind the no.6 bollard? Crazy!
Just a Suave voice
1:04 i couldnt help but to laugh
"Lil B taught me how to sprint." -Usain Bolt
Bolt is generally a nice guy outside of a stadium
Look at 0:50 that guys second name is gay xD
Imagine these guys on FIFA. 
Dont make it about race im white and usain is my favorite athlete
What happened to innocent until proven guilty?
asafa asafa asdfa hahaha
 Why because it,s impossible in your sights for someone to beat the Americans twice in the 100,200 and the relays plus putting up records and isn't on some type of enhancement,i now you all are a proud set of people but this is getting ridiculous...i assume you are American because 99% of the people who is trying so hard to fling Dirt on Bolt and the rest of the Jamaicans name,is usually Americans..just accept that bolt is the King Simple as that,put your ego on the side and give him is props.
 Why because it,s impossible in your sights for someone to beat the Americans twice in the 100,200 and the relays plus putting up records and isn't on some type of enhancement,i now you all are a proud set of people but this is getting ridiculous...i assume you are American because 99% of the people who is trying so hard to fling Dirt on Bolt and the rest of the Jamaicans name,is usually Americans..just accept that bolt is the King Simple as that,put your ego on the side and give him is props.
lol at the photographers at 5:43
Come on guys don't believe anything that they say to you. A 200 hp car needs about 6-7 seconds from 0-100 and a human 9 seconds? Ok. Hope you got it. 
2:20 XD
0:48 #4
Anybody else see the bottle throw at 5:05 
Im only here for Primoz 
When Blake won 100m in daegu he was much fitter and slimmer, too muscular now.
Look at 01:04! Lol :P
Well he obviously had an injury
Did asafa powell slowed down because I can run that time
how would you like to have GAY written across your chest
powell is the only man physically equipped to run with bolt. now only if he had it together mentally.
Roses are red violets are blue black men are fast watcha gonna dooooooooo
Tyson GAY 
Did Asafa false stepped?
I love what the Jamaicans do before and after the races, so fun and passionate!
He'd most likely place last anyway.
then get your white butt off the couch and do something about it.
team usa looks ridiculous in those red one piece spandex
t192009 you have to run away from stupidity
I wonder how many taunts and ridicule Tyson Gay experienced growing up..Now he's televised world wide with a word "GAY" on his stomach..Better change the "A" to "E".:)
5:07 worst moment ever...silence everywhere and you're waiting to hear the shoot!I hate it.
5.54 classis
"Gay USA"... i know its his name but its still funny!! "Asafa Powell the fastest loser!" really!!
01:04 
Look at his legs. Lol.
gatlin was a drugs cheat and gay or powell were more deserving of the bronze
Running away from lions? wtf these people are jamaican and american no lions 2 run from, just physical superiority. 
yhb
i dont get it why shame on me? how is helping some 1 from getting picked on because of his last name a bad thing u sir i think are the bad person here
It's me or there is a fly in the min 8:49
Poor?! Shame on u --"
haha funny! naaaaaat!
@coldvein01 yup running away from lions LMFAO!!!!
lmfao at 2:20 that poor dude has to wear a sign that says GAY lmfao i know it his last name but common just put his first name instead lol
asafa powell 
ahaha that blond chick took a stare at gays butt lol
MESSI ES MAS RAPIDO, WEEE JAJAJAJAJAJA :D 
O MELHOR 
what does that have to do with anything? 
:58 Bolt does Balls check, 1:04 Gay does Balls check, 1:45 Thompson double hand discreet Balls check... WTH? LOL!!!
usain bolt isn't the fastest man on the world, that guy is so fast nobody can see him, so fast he runs from woman to woman and does them, thats what a period is
black people have some sort of twitch fiber in their muscle, they excel in sudden acceleration sporting activity.Something to do with the harsh conditions of Africa I think.
well average starter, average for others is bad for bolt
ye hes a bad starter, but a great closer
Bolt does have 6in on Blake. Just saying.
not a racist question, but why are they all black?
11:14 Most watched Primoz Kozmus video EVER
Your channel photo is of the company Razer, which is an American company. So you support gay USA ^-^
Your channel photo is of the company Razer, which is an American company. So you support gay USA ^-^
This video only needed to be about 9 seconds long :P
I thought bolt lost this race at 50m but them at 60 he just kept getting faster lmao
BOLT BOLT BOLT
What happend? I blinked.
Cant Predict 10 years into the future BUT I know history and about 10 years ago Bolt was the youngest World Junior sprint Champion ever... running faster times at 15 than Tyson Gay who was 19... Wonder about that!!!!
Stop talking about Bolt's coach... Bolts coach is Glen Mills. The story about Angel Heredia coaching Bolt is fake!! 
He just got trial in England court. AHA look it up.
Tyson Gay lmao
Gatling was pumped for this race. Such strong competition.
someone tried to throw a bottle at bolt 5:02 
5:06 race starts
If only Asafa Powell didn't have that injury I truly respect him though
blake will get his turn cos bolt will retire reasonably soon... he's quite old for this level of competition now - he said it himself in interviews... the association with bolt will be good for blake
I pity blake, the camera's on Bolt
how original...
jajaj awbos usain bolt
PAUSE @ 1:00 The girl's expression says it all!
tense!
Hey did anyone saw the fear in Gatlin eyes when he side look @ the lengend @04.07
I feel bad for Asafa, he is such a gentleman, but he just can't hold himself together in the big moments, an ultimate choker... feel bad for him really Race @ 4:38 and 7:38 replay 
4:40 race start
Usain Bolt running reminds me of Forrest Gump.
No because you chat about things you know little or nothing about. Now everyone is some kind of expert. Unlike like most of you I am a track and field fan for years, not just an athlete or an event butter whole hog. No one knows how many are on anything, unless you are personally involved that amounts to slander. Leave the athletes alone with your nasty cynical comments and enjoy the show if you are a true fan of an athlete or an event or both. 
As a former track athlete... I know exactly how they are feeling right when they are standing to wait for the race.
Lol, How do you run from that?
OH BOY FREE VIRUS!
damn fro a 9 second race a 13 min video *nerd* 
Usain would be the last person to be zombified, fortunately.
I love how Usain keeps running after all the races :D
Man asafa powell looked like he tripped :|
laughed so hard when i saw the cameramen's faces after the race. 
It has had a very large effect actually. 
well am screwed
Lol dude, je made other accounts to like his comment.
Now u see him now u dont
Rofl
WHO LIKED THIS IT'S A VIRUS!!!
2:21 GAY xD
stupid, stupid, stupid
ASAFA had a stumble of his life. Pity!!
Lightning Bolt
5:05 someone throws a can onto the track
Damn
race starts at 4:45.
Does any one know what the commentators names are? 
i dont think doping will have all that much effect on the 100m/200m as it does on long distance. but im no expert
yo yohan.. why are your nails so long? 2:50
Lol imagine if Usain Bolt played for Miami Heat! Legendary!
GAY USA
GAY USA
we will see it very soon bro
Carl is Carl
Why? Because I'm stating the reality that many of the top athletes are doped up to their grills? 
would be to sad.....but i highly suspect he will
yeah, same way armstrong did.....lol
Yes he will! How he managed to be Four time olympic champion! 
hahaha I know what you did there loooooooooool. But my thought is he's clean :) He loves sports, since little boy
Track and field fan you are not
Wonder in 10 years time if Usain will end up having a chat with Oprah ;) 
race starts 5:05
He wouldn't be a zombie to start out with 
i wish i was a sprinter they have an easy time at meets compared to distance guys 
are dem all black
I'm so glad there is no ad on this. 
joke provided by 9gag. thumbed down
took me 10 seconds to watch him do that
lol 
haha lol 
0:49 GAY USA xD
wow 
Tumblr
he ran 100 m in 9,64 seconds.i can't even get off the couch in 9 seconds
im a gymnast yet i get shills and goosebumbs from this. He is just amazing
Eric Cartmen sucks
Lighting Bolt!!
SHE WAS! She was staring right at their asses! XD
He is kinda slow.. Eric cartman was even faster than him..
that blonde chick at 1:00 was totally checking them out... lol
Our Caribbean athletes are fast!!
bolt had a bad start
His final 30 meters is unbeatable. If you're not way ahead of him by the last 30, and if he keeps running hard, you're not gonna catch him. Doesn't matter if you're Tyson Gay or Blake or anyone.
Usain bolt just made world class sprinters look slow
What makes my nightmare is hamsters with mini chainsaws on meth
USA just got owened! 
Yo does anyone else think that Gay should've put forth a little bit more of a lean at the end and gave himself a chance. Weak lean I thought
Damn, those times are crazy!!
You, sir, just made my nightmare 
If Usain was a zombie we'd all be screwed.
Go bolt
9.63s? Pffffff, I can do 5m in 30 minutes, World Record! GTFO
me too :)
Proud to be jamaican!!!! ;D
asafa powell is becoming part of the decor when it comes to olympic finals always there but not performing
Can anyone explain why the background for all these Olympic videos is a picture of Rafa Nadal playing tennis. He wasn't even at London...
Correct he could have gotten the bronze medal from Gatlin who didn't deserved it. He should have been on life ban like mullings. The system stinks!
12:31
00:58 The girls behind taking a good look hahaha
00:58 The girls behind taking a good look hahaha
watching this video after watching the news of the dumbass who threw that bottle being found guilty!
05:07 did any one notice the beer bottle in the background
01:16 pelvic thrust!
I'm 14 and I ran 100m in around 12 seconds. I play soccer, so yeah. :D
im jamaican and i think when asafa says he gets "injured" he gets stage fright
asafa embarass wi
what country his from?
@TheOlypianGods are you talking about the white mascot jumping or bolt jogging after race
If tyson just dipped like how christophe lemaitre dips he would have bronze...because he was winning the battle with gatlin.
A comparison between god and man using the 200m as Bolt never ran the 100m until 2007 Tyson Gay Age 19 PB 200m was 21.3 Age 20 PB 200m was 20.21 Age 23﻿ PB 200m was 19.93 Usain Bolt Age 15 PB 200m﻿ was 20.4 Age 16 PB 200m was 20.13 Age 17 PB 200m was 19.93
At 10 years old, the best sprinters in my class including myself could run it in about 14 seconds. You can still improve at your age.
Powell got a muscle pull and still ran faster than most people on earth
5:25 - 5:27 What IS that?!
Indeed he's the king.
shut up!! fool
the goooooood
1:05
his is 9 seconds
i know, but i find this really weird...
I'm 10 and I've ran 100m in 16 seconds
Sonic's Way faster than this.
Old joke
Well, no one will rob him.
Bolt looked so disspaointed when he crossed the line and saw he didn't break his record. He couldnt care less about the gold almost as if he had expected the win.
﻿
Are you serious you have never heard about him before?
I saw it live the first time.
non sopporto gli atleti che se la tirano prima della gara... ma Bolt e Blake.. LO POSSONO FARE!! XD
There was an incident where a normal policeman ran as fast as an average Olympic runner. It was because of an adrenaline rush the policeman received while a wild fire is unleashed right before his eyes. This desperate act for survival is within all us humans. Could we abuse such adrenaline in the Olympics?
It runs in jamaican ppl blood it does cos am fast just like him
Usain bolt is to mush he to fast anyway it run is Jamaican peoples blood alie usain bolt loolz
"Tyson GAY" are you serious? O_o
The race was 10 seconds long the video is 13 minutes long lol
anyone else think that yohan blake looks like CJ of grand theft auto san andreas lol?
LOL!!!!
Hey LAZY. Thats it. -.- I'm sorry but are you an Olympian? Or anything remotely close? I think not. 
what a final man but that stupid man trying to throw a bottle at usain bolt but ha ha he missed anyways
didnt he get injured? 
richard thompson i love you 
yes
I'm impressed they found out who it was!
Not entirely sure how else I could be trying to access it?
An absolute disgrace. And shameful security by the poms which almost completely ruined the glamour event of the Olympics. . 
u can just download the youtube app and access it from there and it will play
MARK NUTT!
agree.
IAN BURNS, British Javelin thrower nab for 4yrs for doping, ban will be lifted 19th May 2016. MARIEM ALAOUI SELSOULI, MOROCCAN 1,500m runner tested positive on 6th july 2012. And DIEGO PALOMMETQUE, COLOMBIAN 18yrs old 400m runner was due to compete in london olympics was tested positive on 26th july 2012, for high level of testosterone. There we go! every country have problems. Haters of jamaicans shut-up.
just black guys lol am I the only one who find that funny
 The KING is a legend. Usain Bolt!!
 The KING is a legend. Usain Bolt!!
LMAO brap brap !!!
@ 05:05 - Notice the Heineken bottle that was thrown by angry spectator at Bolt? Lands behind the #6 lane number. He's in court today.
13:21 for a 100m?
1:04, having a tug in front of everyone, priceless
Are you chinese?
He's cocky but he can back it up. Mad Respect for Bolt. He is the best.
U bolt ftw
jamaica should have swept this final is lazy Powell got his act together. his coach should start making him run 200 for strength. 
Gatlin the cheater allowed to run. what a shame.
10:05 LOOK AT HIS LIPS LOL
STARTS AT 4:20
the best part is that he has a sign that says Gay on his chest lol what an unfortunate last name
haha.... Gay lol
Thumbs up if you watch this in 2013
Anyone know of any videos which show the race front on? 
I love it! The introductions of the athletes don't serve any purpose but to let the runners psych themselves up and give the crowd at laugh! XD
GAY...HAHAHAHAHAHA LOL
no usain is the fasted man alive
Firat off your not the real justin gatlin 
Tyson gay didnt maintain top speed that good as he would do, he could of got a metal
Less than 10 seconds the full time of this event, and the replay is 13 mins :D
What was Gay complaining about, that's what cause him third place, silly man, Gatlin spit in bolt lane to put him off but the big man just ignore him, real super star. Tyson must learn to be focus and relax
jm 
im not black and i broke 2 district records in the 100m 
Justin Gutlin if run in first heat not 9.97 and run 10.10 you had taking a second place,because you run in first heat 100% run
American ADRIAN PETERSON said he'll target Bolt in 2016. Every U.S wants to beat b olt. But bolt will retire as a legend holding all his world records. This new kid on the block is in for a clean Ass whipping. lol lol
ON TOP OF THE WORLD. Jamaican male sprinters dminated the world rankings in the short sprints for 2012, according to Track and Field Rankings.
Hes old... Maybe in his prime if he had that start, but tbh the man can't perform in these big events very well. 
powell start very good.I think he must run 9.50.
Justin Gatlin should be a runway model - look at that walk. lol
I think the lineup in this race definitively proves that black people are faster.
would have been more touching had bolt and blake gone to console thier compatriot powell after their win
Can u guys check out my channel I'm a ameture boxer and am trying for rio 16! Thank you and god bless!
so right lool 
yeah, the best in sport!
I kind of feel bad for the announcers, they only have 10 seconds or so to speak before it's over.
It would be new WR if bolt had a good start. lol
he did not slo don at 80
no its not
racist much
6:17 Bubba from Forrest Gump
just black guys 
I wonder what time Bolt could get if his start was as good as Asafa Powell's start. And of course if he didn't showboat at 80 meters like he did in Bejing :P
0:59 手，撫摸？
What's the name of the song they play right before they race???
I heard Usain Bolt is Already in 2013... This guy is just too fast 4 my liking..
This is the best 100m in a while, no injuries.
Minuto 5:47 el camarografo recien lo alcanzo
I paused at 00:57 to go to facebook and suddenly .....
I paused at 00:57 to go to facebook and suddenly .....
this isnt a white game sorry
@Comedianest ok someone else noticed besides me! XD
usian a legend
what just got thrown at the athletes at 5:04
This video no longer plays on iPhone
'gay 'usa lol
@1:00 to 1:02 Afasa Powel got distracted lol'
@Olekrok Its about a lifetime of celebration:-)
this guys fast~ O- 
Usain bolt is the best ;D
LOOK ITS BEN JOHNSON ! SOOO NATURAL 
Beastmode
You are faster Usain. But Carl Lewis is Carl Lewis. Europe love you Carl
most excited event in the Olympics.. ends in 10 seconds
1 Usain Bolt 9.63 37.38 km/h 2 Yohan Blake 9.75 36.92 km/h 3 Justin gatlin 9.79 36.77 km/h 4 Tyson gay 9.8 36.73 km/h 5 ryan bailey 9.88 36.44 km/h 6 churandy Martina 9.94 36.22 km/h 7 Richard thompson 9.98 36.07 km/h
Ssick
1:05 Girl on the right maybe thinks : I will not be able to get asleep tonight hahaha =D
Funny how its 13 minutes but the run lasted 30 seconds
Season greetings to everyone!
i just see a bunch of black guys 0.0
Anybody has 10 meter splits of Bolt an Blake? Did he ran an 0.81 again here? 
Poor asafa
If Ryan Bailey wasn't wearing long tights is time could have been better 
I like it. This game .
0:49 gay USA.
lol...lol... 
U.Bolt started this intro acts right? like everyone on that line did it except for Gay. Blakes was not cool at all kinda weird. Bolts was the best pre-race intro. 
i saw a white thing when tyson gay was running 
Bolt = LEGEND
He's so fast like....... amazing 
4.58 for the race. you're welcome
USA have streamlined bodysuits, Jamaica has a vest... Who wins?
They cant they can get banned just like any other players in any sport.
thumps up if u start watch at 5:00 and skip everything before 
The same one gatlin pump in his veins.
The same kind americas are taking
I wonder what kind of designer drugs (undetectable) they're taking. 
Seems impossible
hahah goddamn that ryan bailey is handsome
no.
TYSON GAY WILL BE A BEAST NEXT YEAR WATCH NO INJURY . HELL RUN 9.65 AT LEAST. NEW AR IN THE 100 METER DASH. 
notice how thier all black?
9.58 seconds of running, 10 minutes of celebrating 
1:04 LOL'd so hard, i might die
=]] itchy
1:00 His name is GAY =]]
1:04 Pretty funny ;D
Lol
Lol
You run 1 metre in 7 - 8 minutes because you're so hammered.
Gatlin did not deserve the bronze.gay did
The only down side of winning the title of Fastest Man in the World is that it is a horrible pick up line.
YB is comin' for that sub 9.6 next summer,u better believe it
5:06 someone throws a bottle and almost hit.
haha
pause at 2:53 
Does anyone remember the guy that threw the bottle at Bolt at 5:06??
maybe you can run a 40 in that time
I know I need to grow up but its fun being immature on the tube
This is nothing, my car does over 100 miles an hour!
Everytime I watch this, I feel sorry for Tyson Gay who missed out on bronze because Gatlin was allowed back into the sport. What a background story it was. Gatlin making his comeback after being banned for 4 years. Gay who missed the final in 2008 and coming back from a hip surgery. Both men 30-ish, probably their last shot at the Olympics. Sport is so cruel sometimes.
Run 100 Meters in 10 seconds, celebrates 10 minutes.
What happens to asafa powwellll
Just as the name suggests
more like 10m in 7 sec
what are u??? a robot? 
that is quick
i think someone misplaced a sign on tyson
35 miles per hour if he had sustainable body fuel! lol 
So this is before Gangnam Style?
5:02 guys! 
5:42 Get on your knees peasants!
@Ironjagg *outrun
how fast can he go
We all come here the13:21 just for the 9.63 sec, the superb 9.63 sec.
NINE POINT SIX FOUUUUUUUUR
thats your 40
great to watch thx for upload
Bolt can unrun his own shadow
where is GOKU ? or borat.. 
What happened to the dude in lane 2?
I wonder what its like to know your the best in the world at something 0.o
tyson gay lol 
like if you saw that piece of trash thrown at the track at 5:06
Every race he runs I think: Oh he's behind he might not win, but then somehow he just keeps accelerating...
with all that attitude justin had at the begining i thought he would won. 
u maybe run 50m in 7-8sec...
5:06 someone throws a bottle behind usain bolt
all black
no 1 can beat bolt
what is YOUR Last name? 
Recordando la final de los 100 metros planos en Londres 2012 Athletics Men's 100m Final Full Replay - London 2012 Olympic Games - Usain Bolt﻿
also at 1:07 the blonde girl is checking him out
1:04 lol
Athletics aside, this is a yum line up!
Asafa Powell had been nursing a groin injury before the Olympic games, to me it looks like he may have re-injured it. 
Gay - USA lls
Usain Bolt raced against the time and won.
Usain Bolt raced against the time and won.
His hamstring gave out. He ran thru the semis with it and he decided to run in the finals but it was too much for him. 
What happened to the jamaican guy he stops running 3/4 through
Looks close behind bolt befor the gun someone trys to throw a bottle at him
2.55 I remember laughing at the way everyone else doing their complicated little routines and Justin Gatlin just walks up to the camera and walks away.
He's a bolt alright.
I feel like screaming at my ipad because hes so amazing
I'm watching this from a lap-top and my heart was racing when they were at the markers. Imagine the butterflys they must get.
Brap Brap Brap had no doubt that Usain was gonna win
The GAY can run^^
Why does the the camera fail at the most epic part from Usain Bolt at 5:51
Usalt bolt he is number one .... 
Did someone notice the bottle that was thrown, the moment they ran?
i was gonna say that...then i saw that you already spotted it..lool
bolt,it is a great pleasure to watch you.
Go to the Olympics than lmao ya right kid.
Go home bro, you're drunk
dude this fake i run 100m in 7-8sec
ok
I can run faster than you Usain. Seriously. Watch me now.
When men run soo fast that you can barely see their legs O_0
where* :P
There's nothing to prove. What are the odds of a tiny island suddenly being overrepresented in the sprint medal count just because???
Bolt doesnt run the 60m cause hes so tall, he loses speed at start
No, Ronaldo is no were near this speed.
If Tyson would have tipped at the line he might could have get the bronze.. 
Because he isn't fast out of the blocks
why dont bolt run the 60m? he can also win
WHAT'S IN A NAME?... That's right.
Wats the song they play befor they get ready?? Its epic!!
Do you do your research before you write? Asafa physically could not finish,he has a groin injury which acted up during this race,he had to be helped off the track.
Asafa didn't stop trying,he has been plagued with a groin injury which he aggravated in this race.He physically could not finish.
but he's the fastest american in history :)
NO.
Grow up.
They didn't even show usain bolt's name -_____-
I love usain bolt!! I look up to him! I'm a sprinter too :D
thats because usain bolt said "i can win the gold, hold my beer."
I even dont want to imagine ...his first dinner with partents of his wife... "Hello, I am GAY" ...
beast.. bolttt too good
bolts last name says it all about him
if asafa p did not have injures he would of gotin a medal 
rayan bailey is black..he just have light skin
yeah thats asafa powell..he always give up and then fakes an injury
jamaica doesnt only have black people..we have white Jamaicans here too and some white jamaicans can run fast too 
this usain bolt is cold 
jamacia was the last stop on the slave boat... only the toughest survived
I wonder what happened to the person who threw the beer bottle at the 5:05 mark.
look at 1:07 it got to embarrsing for him to have a giant sign on him that says gay 
look at 1:07 it got to embarrsing for him to have a giant sign on him that says gay 
Not all. If you're lucky enough, then of course you're blessed. 
4:04 
Because running is their national sport
No, it's because they have superior genes.
So you can see blacks only in Jamaica then?
Cause they're black.
5:05 - Look behind them...a beer bottle!
1:02 look for the face of the girl 
5:04
I wonder why Jamaica is fastest runners
QWOP
and i run a 10.2 . literally. It really doesnt make any sense to talk about a 10.9 dude
o well suck it up
its weird to were that sign that says perv
i cnarun 10.9
Did anybody else notice the bottle thrown right before the start behind the starting line? 
Because they have been blessed with such an amazing talent!
because others races can't run Lmao 
Simply because they are the fastest
I still cannot believe I got to see this live! Just such a wonderful moment. The atmosphere... was incredible.
thats because us white sucks at sports! :]
even Rushida is very tall.. all these guys are insane.. and tall! I went to Jantzen's highschool and ran with him and I saw alot of his form and well Kiprop looks the most like Oshier's form and then Rushida.. is it something about the angle of incidence that makes these guys so efficient and so deadly in their races? Idk its interesting though
why is it that a ton of incredible athletes are extremely tall? Bolt, Asbel Kiprop, Oshier last year (he messed up at the dream mile I believe he could have beat Verzbicas) and why is it that the distance runners are so skinny? I'd assume its to cool off faster its just a curiosity.. maybe its because they're so tall I've been noticing them, while shorter fast people are more common.. but still these three guys are/were phenomenal and are/were miles ahead of everyone even Jim Ryun is pretty tall
You mean skin color?
That's Asafa Powell, he reinjured his groin at that point.
You wold think who would have a sign that says bolt on their chest means their going to win.or just do this BOLT>GAY
Lol keep pressing 1:05
And not a white face was seen in that race :(
So Proud to be Jamaican!!!! Woot Woot!!! ...but you know, I truly feel it for Gay, his childhood with that name could not have been an easy one, at least he is somewhat vindicated now, he is earning serious dough win or lose. 
Won't surprise me that there are only black guys.
always black guys
after seeing how poor the chinese are at running i might try my look at not pay for a take away curry :)
i wish he was beiber :D wearing this Tee 
any one notice the guy give up at 05:14 
They women are checking out the goods! 0:57 - 1:09 , sneaky girls!
Anybody see that bottle being thrown and security looking hard af to seewho threw it @5:06
commentator you mean two men in yellow get there before gatlin.
Gatlin is a nurves wreck.
Damn that's crazy. I cant even get 9.63 on the shuttle run at school.
LOOL 
sorry but what does the commentator say @3:41 does he say 9th friday date
IF WHAT THE COACHES SAY ABOUT SPRINTING IS TRUE . THEN TRIPLE JUMPERS SHOULD BE THE FASTEST RUNNERS.///////////// THE COACHES HAVE GOT IT WRONG. FACT.
Nice job Usain. Almost as fast as a cheetah.
hahahaahahahaha its true hahahahaha
the guard is going up the stairs to look for the person that did that 
Pssst....just a reminder....spell *legend*!! Usain Bolt﻿
Congrats Mr.Bolt on your 4th IAAF World Athlete of the Year award
What? I didn't say anything bad about gays. It must just feel akward, it's as if you were wearing a ''Jude'' sign in 1933 (well of course you don't get the same amount of hatred)...
WHY IS EVERYONE BLACK 
WHY IS EVERYONE BLACK 
it must suck to be "fastest" man on the planet
Great level of maturity on you and everybody who liked this comment. Grow up people
7:24 This Guy tapped the fastest Mans ass... and he's proud of it.
Sweet lord ...just look at all of that power lined up MMMMMMMMmmmmmmmmm!
5:06
JAMAICA!!
hey, it's black nova!
Starts at 05:00
I actually hugged my pillow for usain to win! im pratticly in love with him GO BOLT!!
Yea uh... Gatlin did drugs and got banned for like 4 yrs -__-
what the 1:05
wow
Feel sorry for both Tyson and Asafa :(
Bought it on ebay
01:05 not a funny name to have
Yea it's a shame...Asafa's never reached his full potential, I really really hope he can come back in full force for 2016, even though chances are grim.
He re-injured his groin so he couldn't finish...
i miss summer vacation and the olympics. :( I cant wait for them!
Usain Bolt 9.63 Yohan Blake 9.75 Justin Gatlin 9.79 Tyson Gay 9.80 Ryan Bailey 9.88 Churandy Martina 9.94 Richard Thompson 9.98 Asafa Powell 11.99
I was so nervous watching at home, for about 10 minutes before this event, and then it's over in under 10 seconds!! Amazing!!!
World Records are only borrowed.
yeah but this is the average-speed and not the top-speed...top-speed of usain bolt is 44,72 km/h 
distance/ time = speed 
rayan bailey is black, cuz he sure isn't white
1 Usain﻿ Bolt 9.63 (37.38 km/h ) 2 Yohan Blake 9.75 (36.92 km/h ) 3 Justin Gatlin 9.79 (36.77 km/h ) 4 Tyson Gay 9.80 (36.73 km/h ) 5 Ryan Bailey 9.88 (36.44 km/h ) 6 Churandy Martina 9.94 (36.22 km/h ) 7 Richard Thompson 9.98 (36.07 km/h ) 8 Asafa Powell 11.99 (30.03 km/h ) 
0:49 BAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA
I always wanted to join the Olympics , but then I got lazy .
lol,GAY- USA..I`M SO GLAD I DON`T HAVE THAT LAST NAME!!
How do you know that!
It must be awkward wearing a sign that says ''Gay''...
This was so tense live.
tyson gay? xD
Race starts at 5:01
Usain is sooo tall!!!
Blake's a cutie :)
the top 3 all time time at the moment gose: usain bolt:9.58s yohan blake / tyson gay: 9.69 asafa powel: 9.72 please correct me i i am wrong 
usain bolt top speed beijing 43.9km/h berlin 44.7km/h london 45.4km/h 
gay from America lol
True, but it also means "Happy"!
Bolt is like a turbo car... huge lag at the start and when the turbo kicks in, he is off 
what a spriint... whoa... 
Blink and u miss it
Proud to be jamaican Proud to be hosting Proud to be an athlete Proud to be proud xxxxx
Priveleged to have been there for THE BLUE RIBBON Event.
yeah. i think he lost a position on the 4x1 too
@ablie22 yes
Lol @7:18 someone knocks the phone out of a guys hand
Yes almost everyone did. that
anyone noticed the bottle at 05:05
anyone noticed the bottle at 05:05
good question , why>? i was thinking the same thing , i mean he gets a chance in the finals which 8 out of an unknown amount of pppl get and then he just drops out halfway.
Why don't you shut up?
why did asafa powell stop trying?
haha the bottle before the gunfire
Blake ROCKS! iam a fan.... REALLY!
Believe me I am not a fan of Tyson either,but when compare to Gatlin, I prefer Tyson. 
@ElaborateTiger... hahahahahahahahahaha you're crazy as hell... loooolllllllll that right there just made me laugh like crazy..very funny.
I felt it for Gay's 4th place. I wish he'd gotten that 3rd place instead of Gatlin. 
Thumbs up if you saw the beer bottle thrown in the beginning of the race. 
Rotfl @ the way Justin Gatlin chose to do his introduction staring @ the camera from 2:55 - 3:06 He looked like he was saying in his head - "yeah it's me!.." & then he concludes turning around & saluting the crowd as if he was in the military hahahahahahhahahaahahhaa!﻿ And Justin Gatlin looks like Kanye West too hahahahahahahha! (^_^)
usane bolt was born fast last name (BOLT)
Oh nothing at all! Many people like you are called gay all the time, it's nothing to worry about!
...And what's wrong with that exactly?
ONE of the only sportsman, notice i didn't say THE only sportsman?
Tyson deserved the bronze because unlike Gatlin,he is humble and gives respect to his rivals.
AHAHAHH! a guy is filming with his ipad! xD 06:37 
@ElaborateTiger hahaha. lol
hahahahahhahaha
MrJamaica22 I don't agree with the bronze part. I am actually happy that Gatlin got the bronze just because he was an Olympic champ. Anyway Usain Bolt is the coolest runner ever!
The BIG MAN did his thing....I just hated that Gatlin won the Bronze. Tyson is more worthy of it, in my opinion anyway
I hate this ... by the time me quint the race done.. so mi have to stuck me eyes to the tv... km t...
Excellent
RUDY GAY PROFESSIONAL NBA BASKETBALLER PLAYS FOR THE MEMPHIS GRIZZLIES
dave chappelle representing netherlands? lol
Lol what happened to Powell??
lol at how someone throws something just before they go
Except Rayan Bailey, all of them are black. Wondering, isn't it ?
5:07 managed to see that bottle when I watched this live on TV
What is Asafa thinking? damm!! that gold was mine. 
460 people are racist :P
i heard tyson gay in 4:53.... huhuhuhu 
Race starts: 5:00
An exceptional performance.This race will be remembered by the History of sports and especially Athletics of the world 
lol "Fastest Loser"
Usian bolt=human version of RD
Actually by being so tall Usian Bolt has a slower start then other runners but he makes up for it by gaining speed around the 30 meters then at 50 he really gets moving and at 90 no one can catch him.
Ryan ailey should model not run,he is so cute.
and im a guranteed model because im taller 
1 Usain Bolt 9.63 (37.38 km/h ) 2 Yohan Blake 9.75 (36.92 km/h ) 3 Justin Gatlin 9.79 (36.77 km/h ) 4 Tyson Gay 9.80 (36.73 km/h ) 5 Ryan Bailey 9.88 (36.44 km/h ) 6 Churandy Martina 9.94 (36.22 km/h ) 7 Richard Thompson 9.98 (36.07 km/h ) 8 Asafa Powell 11.99 (30.03 km/h )
The reason why Usian bolt won is because he's taller.
look at all the professional photographer. they deserve applaud.
Usain is nothing in terms of athletic ability when pitted against guys like El Guerrouj and Gebresellaise
Rudy Gay has to wear a jersey that says hes gay....
Rudy Gay.... 
Cheers to the fastest man alive!!
Black people why u so fast?
I think they round the time up to 64 that happens some times :)
first he said 9.63 then 9.64
first he said 9.63 then 9.64
Poor Asafa Powell..
what did he say?
I feel sorry for Tyson Gay! He is probably one of the only sportsmen who has to have a sticker saying "GAY" on him!
Bredren wat u say, Powell a try give them da wicked man look. LOL
USAIN BOLT! 
They're allowing comments now :)
I heard he sat next to the Dutch female Judo medalist.... unlucky :p
we are lucky to see this type of talent...tyson,yohan,gatholin are best but bolt is better than best he overshadowe all of them he is live example of CHAMPION
10:06 Lol
Usain Bolt,Tyson Gay and Yohan Blake are the most epic sprinders of the hole world.My hero is Usain Bolt! He is THE MAN!
wonder what ever happen to the idiot.
CRISTOPHE LEMAÎTRE !!!!!!!!!!
usain bolt is an amazing sprinter and has been training his whole life
Shut the hell up...hater
I watch this video at home and clap :| Amazing run.
No because that Usain Bolt account isn't really Bolt himself, so he's just a kid desperate to get top comment.
he is super rich, the fastest man in the world, the second most influential man in the world, a car is named after him, he is idolized by his fellow country men and by other country men who just know his name.....yeah i cant see a life there
Hahaha. Guy filming with an iPas @ 6:39
u are just a kid whit no life
so fast i dream i be like him xD
13 minutes.. only to see 10 seconds of greatness
what happened to the guy in the 2nd lane?
Yohan and Usain tha jucin boyz.
i know usain i'm from jamaica but move here to america few years ago he and my big brother are best friends :) i'm so proud of him
Never mind the lackluster performances prior to the Olympics. 
Jamaica is predominately a Christian country like 99.9%...very few Muslims reside in Jamaica.Usain himself comes from a Seventh Day Adventist family.His mom gave him a name that is a variation of the word Hussein, a name popular among Lebanese Jamaicans who themselves are Christian
He didn't feign anything..he was 95% fit and had a light ham string injury..also he like most sprinters in the preliminaries do not go all out for fear of injuring themselves or tiring themselves out
you're pathetic.
what happen to powel 
yeh 
I don't think so. His full name is Usain St. Leo Bolt. I don't think a muslim would like to have a Roman Catholic saint as his middle name !!
i dont know bolt is muslim or not :-)
Of course Powell pulled up, what a chocker!
before they start the actuall race just before the gun shot someone throws a bottle behind bolt
Isn't he in the BO 2 trailer?
so tell us, are you a muslim? do you believe in one God? it's pretty worthless if i say this, but your footwork is amazing, the way you set it down and put potential energy in it (which is more than by Blake) the way you keep balance, the aerodynamic you have because of your abs, you don't have hair which is also good. You've run 37.4km/h, that's damn fast, it's even hard for me to do it on a bicycle.
i thought that too when he did sujud :D 
5:05 someone throws something onto the track behind the starting blocks! 
Bolt Is Muslim 
2:21 LOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOLLL
Bolt is the best in the world noone can touch him despite ups and downs he always comes out on top 1st in the world 100m and 200m. but lol i fine blake only stick up underneath the man 
Bolt is the fastest men and im the fastest short person!
White Jamaicans. 12:56
Gay USA
everyday all day.... nuh watch nutting!!!!!!
hahahahahaa!!!!!
1:05 gay XD
true
I felt so bad for Asafa!!
I felt so bad for Asafa!!
I'm a Legend.
The beer bottle is just 2 meters behind Usin Bolt, that is to confused Usin bolt with the sound starting off the race.... 
btw, what's with the white people cheering for Jamaica at 13:02???
He's fast but he's ugly as hell!
it was thrown at around 5:06
Jamaica to the flippin world...lol
people arent giving tyson enough credit imo. Out of sprinting for a whole year, 2 surgeries and is still able to come back and run 9.80. If he stays injury free expect madness
thanks alot , we are mostly here to see 9'63 of a 13min21 video.
I saw a bottle being thrown behind the start line just as the race started
Usa,Jamaica,Usa,Jamaica,Usa,Jamaica,Usa,Netherlands lol
Thank u very much to open up for commet.
Great Race!! 
I love u U
Bolt's the WR holder for the two main events that determine pure speed-100m and 200m, and he's reached the fastest ever recorded top-end speed, NO one is faster than him. ur talking about endurance which is different than speed
She wants the D 1:06 LOL
5:29 That cameraman is probably sprinting to keep up with bolt's jogging.
its was closed could not comment
Like a bolt of lightning.
Tall people = Long legs = Long Strides. Bad for getting outta the blocks but once you get going your like a train!
It was disabled until only 2 days ago
did anyone else notice the beer bottle some threw from the stands at the begging of the race ? 8o. great race nobody cann beat that man, fastest thing on two legs haha 
its just today they allow people to comment under the videos that's why. it was disabled all the time
this guy's not human he trains with cheetahs that's why he's so fast
hey dont forget the hammer throwers..............like that kinda thing could come in handy some day ,, i mean say u seen someone getting mugged and the mugger runs away , well if cant run like bolt and catch them , just get the hammer out spin spin spin KAPOOOOOOOOOOW
Over 4 million views and under 20 comments? WTF?
13 minutes for around 10 seconds of footage lol...
5:06
this guy's not human! he trains with cheetahs that's why he's so fast
It was awesome thank you
I'M In tghe Athletice,,,, And I Love Athletice... Thumbs Up xD 
whhhataaatatatatata? no comments? lul
you want a cookie or sth?
el mas rápido del planeta﻿
*Video*: Athletics Men's 100m Final Full Replay - London 2012 Olympic Games - Usain Bolt﻿
super﻿
Not Even Carl Lewis Could Come Close.﻿
NO 1 ﻿
PSY's *'Gangnam Style'* continued to captivate Singaporeans on YouTube this week, coming in on top of the list. But with National Day just over, it certainly wasn't the only song making the airways -- Singaporeans also checked out the *'NDP 2012 Theme Song - Love at First Light'*, the *'NDP 2011 Theme Song - In A Heartbeat'* and the humorous spoof by Mentos, the *'Mentos National Night'*.Songs aside, the nation showed a strong interest in the Games, paying special attention to the *'Athletics Men's 100m Final Full Replay - London 2012 Olympic'*:﻿
:) . Chien thang﻿
﻿
Men's 100m Final - London 2012 - +Usain Bolt ﻿
Electrifying bolt 100m 2012 olympic﻿
gold﻿
WOW﻿
Usain Bolt my inspiration-Straight focus on time and destination rather than  the other competitors.﻿
Men's 100m Final - London 2012 - +Usain Bolt ﻿
Men's 100m Final - London 2012 - +Usain Bolt ﻿
Hey This is My city & Me Philip Malamatinas is very proud to be a part of this.﻿
﻿
﻿
Bolt﻿
BOLT!!!!!!! A pity it ain't a new world record.﻿
fast faster fastest!!!!!!!﻿
﻿
super bolt﻿
 #usainbolt fatest man on earth, see how did he came from behind to remain unbeaten successive #olympics ..﻿
Olympic moment ﻿
Usain Bolt's unparalleled win at the century sprint of the London 2012 Olympics. Probably the greatest and most dramatic race of the games. I love his showmanship and theatricality!﻿
fastest man﻿
Date: 05 August 2012 #Olympics  #UsainBolt new olympic record: 9.63s﻿
Olympic moment ﻿
you will definitely get goosebumps :-o﻿
This man deserves an encore﻿
Great victory of BOLT(Jamaica)﻿
Usain Bolt my inspiration-Straight focus on time and destination rather than  the other competitors.﻿
Olympic moment ﻿
wow.....﻿
BOLT proves ....he is still the fastest man on tis planet.......!!!!﻿
In case you missed it last night...here's Usain Bolt sprinting to an awesome win! Athletics Men's 100m Final Full Replay - London 2012 Olympic Games - Usain Bolt ﻿
In case you missed it last night...here's Usain Bolt sprinting to an awesome win! Athletics Men's 100m Final Full Replay - London 2012 Olympic Games - Usain Bolt ﻿
Awesome Race...﻿
Insane Bolt!!!﻿
#NowWatching. Usain Bolt. It doesn't get bigger than this. The show they put up is amazing. Can't take your eyes off the screen even though the actual race is under 10 seconds. ﻿
Jamaica VS America﻿
Fastest Men Alive.... Congratulation #usainbolt  To those who missed it because all the spinters ran too fast.#olympics2012   #olympics   #100meters   #India   #healthonmove   #followme  #healthcare #Indianwomen   #womenshealth   #healthyliving  ﻿
#NowWatching. Usain Bolt. It doesn't get bigger than this. The show they put up is amazing. Can't take your eyes off the screen even though the actual race is under 10 seconds. ﻿
#NowWatching. Usain Bolt. It doesn't get bigger than this. The show they put up is amazing. Can't take your eyes off the screen even though the actual race is under 10 seconds. ﻿
 #usainbolt   To those who missed it because they ran too fast.﻿
In case you missed it last night...here's Usain Bolt sprinting to an awesome win! Athletics Men's 100m Final Full Replay - London 2012 Olympic Games - Usain Bolt ﻿
 #usainbolt   To those who missed it because they ran too fast.﻿
100 METERS FINAL ﻿
In case you missed it last night...here's Usain Bolt sprinting to an awesome win! Athletics Men's 100m Final Full Replay - London 2012 Olympic Games - Usain Bolt ﻿
Bolt did it again!!http://goo.gl/0txtL﻿
Usain Bolt - fastest man on earth! Those who missed the live action, see this. Athletics Men's 100m Final Full Replay - London 2012 Olympic Games - Usain Bolt#london2012   #london2012olympics   #usainbolt   #fastestman   #olympics2012 ﻿
Usain Bolt - fastest man on earth! Those who missed the live action, see this. Athletics Men's 100m Final Full Replay - London 2012 Olympic Games - Usain Bolt#london2012   #london2012olympics   #usainbolt   #fastestman   #olympics2012 #schogini #schoginisystems #schoginiinc ﻿
Usain Bolt :::  Catch me if you can﻿
നമ്മട ചുള്ളന്‍ ചെക്കന്റെ ഓട്ടം കണ്ടാ .... Athletics Men's 100m Final Full Replay - London 2012 Olympic Games - Usain Bolt﻿
The Fastest Man Alive!!﻿
In case you missed it last night...here's Usain Bolt sprinting to an awesome win! Athletics Men's 100m Final Full Replay - London 2012 Olympic Games - Usain Bolt ﻿
จะเร็วไปไหน !!!ขอสัก 20 วิละกันนะ 100 เมตร 555+﻿
Usain Bolt, the fastest man on the planet.﻿
Bolt it is﻿
jom kongsi http://bit.ly/SURrSu...﻿
Blake flakes in front of the King. Usain bolts out like lightening...its a privilege to watch him, inspite of everything﻿
fastest man on the planethttp://youtu.be/2O7K-8G2nwU﻿
﻿
The lightening Strikes!!!﻿
Fastest plan on planet﻿
Still at de top ﻿
﻿
